'conversation_1 Are you a fan of Google or Microsoft .Both are excellent technology they are helpful in many ways  For the security purpose both are super . I m not  a huge fan of Google  but I use it a lot because I have to  I think they are a monopoly in some sense  . Google provides online related services and products  which includes online ads  search engine and cloud computing . Yeah  their services are good  I m just not a fan of intrusive they can be on our personal lives  .Google is leading the alphabet subsidiary and will continue to be the Umbrella company for Alphabet internet interest .Did you know Google had hundreds of live goats to cut the grass in the past . It is very interesting  Google provide  Chrome OS  which is a light weight OS  Google provided a lot of hardware mainly in      to       .I like Google Chrome  Do you use it as well for your browser . Yes Google is the biggest search engine and Google service figure out top     website  including Youtube and Blogger . By the way  do you like Fish  .Yes  They form a sister group of tourniquets  they make the sea water clean and remove the dust from it  Fish is the biggest part in the eco system .Did you know that a seahorse is the only fish to have a neck . Freshwater fish only drink water through the skin via Osmosis  Saltwater fish drink water through the mouth  Dolphins are friendly to human beings . Interesting  they also have gills  Did you know that jellyfish are immortal  .Yes  Fish is the important resources of human world wide for the commercial and subsistence fish hunts the fish in the wild fisheries . What about cats  do you like cats  I m a dog fan myself  .The cat is referred as domestic cat and wild cat  They make our world very clean from rats . Yeah  cats can be cool  but they sure do spend a lot of their time sleeping  .Cats hear the sounds too faint or too high frequency human ears can hear . I heard that too  Well  it was nice chatting with you  Have a good day  ',
'conversation_2 do you like dance .Yes  I do  Did you know Bruce Lee was a cha cha dancer .Yes he even won a hardcore cha cha championship in     .Yeah  Did you know Tupac was a ballet dancer .Yes and he even was in the production of the nutcracker.Yeah  Ballet dancer go through   pairs of shoes a week.Yes that is a lot of shoes and also a lot of money.Yeah true  Did you know babies are really good at dancing .Yes and they smile more when they hit the beat.Yeah they are much smarter than we give them credit for.True Did you know Jackson had a patent on a dancing device .Yes it helped him smooth out his dance moves.Nice  Do you like Shakespeare .Yes I do  Do you know that he popularized many phrases. Yes like good riddance  in my heart of hearts and such. Yes and then he also invented names like Jessica  Olivia and Miranda.Yes  And for his works you have to use old english for it to make sense.Yes otherwise the rhymes and puns do not seem to work out.Yes  He lived at the same time as Pocahontas too.I wonder if they met how that would go from there.Yeah interesting point  Nice chat',
'conversation_3 Hey what s up do use Google very often I really love the company and was surprised to hear that it was founded back in      .i think everyone must use it daily  its become ingrained in every day life.Agreed  The Google headquarters in Mountain View California is nicknamed the Google Plex . thats funny  The current CEO is Sundar Pichai  i didnt know Larry Page was replaced.Oh yeah I didn t know that either  I also want to go to google Plex to see the goats who mow their lawn by eating it .say what now   they have that  .Yeah apparently lol  They do that instead of hiring people to mow .thats both funny and i guess imaginative  leave it to a huge tech company to employ actual goats .Yeah exactly I am sure they are cheaper  One thing I bet they couldn t exploit is fish  I think fish are so cool there is actually a breed of jellyfish that is immortal .i had rememered hearing about that before  Immortatlity is wasted on a jellyfish haha  did you know a seahorse is the only fish that has an actual neck .That is so funny I guess I never considered a seahorse a fish  The black swallower fish sounds a lot like a snake because it can eat pray that is so large .i guess they live up to their name then .It seems they do  I also didn t know that there was a difference with how freshwater and saltwater fish drink .thats crazy  i wonder why fresh water ones only use osmosis .Yeah and saltwater fish are lucky because they can do that and drink through their mouth s .seems like fresh water fish got the short end of the stick with that one  Have you ever been to a cat cafe . I have never been to a cat cafe no  what about you  Seems like they are popular in Japan and Taiwan .no but I would love to  paying hourly to hang out with adorable cats  im in .Yeah that would be a lot of fun  I didn t realize that cats sleep so much  Must be nice . i guess thats where the phrase  cat nap  comes from.Oh yeah I guess so ha ha  There s even a town in Alaska that has a mayor cat ',
'conversation_4 Hi   do you like to dance .I love to dance a lot  How about you . I am really bad  but it is a good time .Dancing is a lot of fun  Did you know that Bruce Lee was a great dancer . I heard that  winning Cha Cha championships and everything .Yes that is amazing  He won the Hong Kong cha cha championship back in      in fact .I always just thought of him as a martial arts legend   Now he is a dance legend of sorts too .Yeah   That is correct  He was a fantastic martial artist  Did you know that Tupac danced ballet in high school . Yeah   He was the mouse king in the Nutcracker   Thats pretty cool  I would definitely never have guessed that about him .Neither did I  That is insane because Tupac was a famous rapper . He was indeed  his music is even in the library of congress .I didn t know this thanks for sharing .Sure thing   Did you hear about Michael Jackson s special patent shoes .No  I know that Michael Jackson was a fantastic dancer but can you tell me more about his patent shoes if you don t mind .There was a specific device in his shoes that helped with his extreme lean in some dance moves .Wow    That is amazing coming from such a talented singer and dancer  I couldn t even dance like that even if I dreamed of it .Me neither  I could never be a professional dancer .I heard that some professional ballet dancer can go through four pairs of shoes in a week .That is crazy   That can t be cheap for them .No  I think its very expensive for them to be professional ballet dancers based on this . It has been great chatting but I must go   Gotta go get my Bruce Lee on  the martial arts part     definitely not the dance .Ha Ha    It was so nice chatting with you as well   Have a nice day    Bye.Bye',
'conversation_5 do you like dance .I love it  Did you know Bruce Lee was a dancer .Yes he even won a cha cha championship in     .Yeah  Did you know ballet dancers use a lot of shoes .Yes they go through   pairs in a single week.Yeah that is a lot of shoes and also a lot of money.Yeah  Babies are also really good at dancing when they hear music.Yes and they smile more when they hit the beat.Yeah pretty cute  Did you know Tupac was a ballet dancer .Yes he was in the nutcracker as the mouse king.Yeah  DO you like SHakespeare .I love his work  Did you know he popularized many terms that we use to this day . Yes terms like  good riddance  in my heart of heart and such.Yes  He lives at the same time as Pocahontas did.I wonder if they had met what he would have written about her .Yeah good point  He also invented some women s names. Yes among those are Olivia  Miranda and Jessica.Yeah  Did you know that his works have to stick to the old english language to make sense . Yes especially with punk and rhymes  they do not work with modern language.Yeah  Did you know Tchaikozsky donated his skull in hopes it will be used in Shakespeare s plays .Yes and did get used so that is good  Nice chat',
'conversation_6  hi  do you use google much . Yes  I think it is the most effective search engine  How about you  Do you use gmail .Yes  a google search takes more computing power than sending astronauts tot he moon.And before on Google moon they used to use cheese for close ups .do you know how google maps calculates traffic . I am not sure  how do they do this .they track how fast android devices are moving.Interesting  Google really is taking over the world  Their data center electricity use is      percent of all worldwide electricity .Yes for sure they are  they have grown so much over the years.But I like that they like to have fun too  Have you ever typed askew into Google .No I have  What does the results turn .You should try it  It tilts the page  Another fun thing Google does is call new employees nogglers  They have to wear propeller beanies  Or is this mean . Oh  not sure about that really  People say it is a great place to work at though. Before Google launched gmail  that was the name of a free email service offered by garfield s website  That actually seems more fun .I know now everytime I open gmail I think of garfield. Speaking of cats  I would love to get a glow in the dark one  They have those in South Korea .Wow  In Japana and Taiwan there are cat cafes where you can play with them.That seems fun  That reminds me of the Anderson house bed and breakfast in Minnesota  They used to offer a free cat for the night when you booked a room .wow  there is a town in alaska where the mayor of the town is a cat. That is cool  Cats are a pretty smart species  There has not been a cat species extinction in        years .They are indeed very smart and that proves it  Nice chatting with you ',
'conversation_7 Do you like comic books .I do like comic books .Have you heard that Harley Quinn has a new comic book series coming out . I have not heard that   I know that comic book legend Stan Lee used to end every phone conversation with  excelsior  .I ve heard that too  Did you know that the DC in DC comics stands for Detective Comics .I just read that today   The largest comic book market is in Japan   I believe it   My son loves to read those mangas .I would love to go there  I used to like reading Manga too .The manga market is Japan is valued at    to    billion dollars .That is wild  Did you know that Michigan State University library has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world . I didn t know that   I wonder how many people use it   By comparison to Japan  the US comic book market in the US and Canada is       billion . That s crazy  Japan is way more into comic books than America it seems  . I agree   The Marvel cinematic universe takes place in earth          a multiverse different from the original comic book multiverse  earth     . That s pretty wild  Marvel published a  generic comic book   in order to trademark the names  superhero  and  super villain   That was pretty smart of them  .No doubt   Do you know much about the planets or the universe .I know a little bit  I ve heard that Venus does not tilt .That interesting   Uranus is different to   It actually rotates sideways and rolls around the sun rather than spins like the other planets .That s really interesting  I ve also heard that Jupiter s moon Ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun .It must be pretty big then   I wouldn t want to ever visit the unnamed planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at      mph .I don t see that being a pleasant place  It s even      degree weather  That sounds like hell to me .Hahah That s a good way of putting it . Well I have to get to work  I hope you have a good day  It was nice chatting with you ',
'conversation_8 Can you believe there is stars that can be cold enough to be touched   The universe is so diverse .Its amazing and ever evolving .Yeah and there is even places that exist but we never will be able to see because they are too far away .They are saying space pulls galaxies outside of universe that we could see. Yes that is what I was saying  albeit I doubt that there is only one electron in the universe like some people say  .I don t see anything supporting or denying that theory so we would never know for sure . Yeah  but only one   For all the universe   It does not seems logic    .There is only one sun that warms earth and all other planets so why not just one electron . Because an electron is part of matter  the water you drink  the chair you sit on  Saying there is only   electron in the universe is like saying there is   grain of wheat in your bread   .It makes sense when you put it that way but in terms of that universe size the electron could be very big .Maybe they did mean to say that our universe is contained in an electron in another universe  . I don t know but I am at the end of knowledge on this subject  What do you think about the facts of comics  I would have thought US invented them  but it s Japan or UK . Japan has a great printing history  I am not surprised about this  Do you read comics books   I have read a few but not about super heroes  . I used to in my childhood but not any more  I used to love inspector Gadget  .Was Inspect Gadget a comics on Paper or a cartoon on TV   I was talking about what Marvel is publishing .On Paper and yes I do recall seeing Super hero and Hulk books . I think that Hulk is in the Marvel universe  But like I said  I never read anything from Marvel nor DC comics  . Right me neither  there were so many good choices of comics when I was growing up  . Not where I lived  if I want to read a comic book  I had to go to the library  But as I think about it Tintin is a comic book  so I was wrong  I did read a lot of them when I was young but they were European   . Mine all time favorite was Bozo the clown  books and TV both  . I did saw a lot of cartoons on TV  but I don t think that considered as a comic book  have a nice day  ',
'conversation_9 Are you a Star Wars fan  I need to rewatch the OT and the prequels so I can watch the subsequent stuff for the first time and understand what s going on . Hi  Yes  I am a huge fan of Star Wars  I also loved how it was the first major movie to be dubbed in Navajo  I think that is so cool . Yeah  that s wild  I guess it takes a pretty small audience to pay for the translation work . Agreed  Isn t it also funny James Earl Jones only spent two and half hours recording his lines for Darth Vader  I also can t believe he was only paid        Geez  that s pocket change .      is amazingly low  I guess since Darth Vader was masked Jones could just record everything at once in the studio . Agreed  Can you also believe that George Lucas  wife at the time  Marcia  won an academy award for her editing on Star Wars and yet George Lucas didn t win an academy award for directing  That is just downright unbelievable .A lot of people think the OT was so much better than the prequels because of her influence . Yeah it was because of her that so many major changes were made like Leia s good luck kiss  Obi Wan s death  etc  She was truly a big influence . I remember thinking just about everything in the prequels  timeline was off  based on the mental version of the past the OT led us to construct  But I d have to rewatch to nail it down .Yeah I would have to watch it as well  So are you also a fan of Chewbacca  I love him  I think it s funny there s a bat species called the Chewbacca bat  That s hilarious .I never felt strongly about Chewbacca one way or the other TBH  But I ve got to google a picture of that bat to see what it looks like .I would like to see it as well  Did you know Chewbacca actually had a wife and two boys  That s pretty interesting .I vaguely recall reading something in the Star Wars fictional universe where a young Han Solo stayed with Chewbacca and his mom in their home . That s so weird  isn t it  Ha  Are you one of the fans who believes both r d  and Chewbacca were secret rebel agents  I kind of think it s an interesting theory  . I wish I knew enough about the background to have an opinion  but the last Star Wars I watched was Episode III  when it came out on video  I really need to rewatch to refresh my memory of it  . Same here  Like  I also had forgotten that before his companionship with Chewbacca  Hans Solo was an imperial lieutenant . Yeah  I don t remember that at all  He definitely doesn t seem like the type . Indeed he doesn t  But I ve always liked Chewbacca because he reminded me of a giant dog  Ha  Speaking of dogs  I think it s cool that dogs  along with elephants  are the only animals that understand pointing . I wouldn t be surprised if cats understood it but just didn t care  LOL . Ha  No kidding  Speaking of dogs and cats  I like how Google prefers dogs over cats and even states in their code of conduct that they re a dog company  That is awesome . Yeah  that s a weird official policy for what s supposed to be a neutral search engine  Nice chatting with you ',
'conversation_10  Naming a cloned cat  copy cat   that s cute .You must have ESP  I was going to tell you teh same thing  I have a sad story to tell there are less tigers living in the wild in Asia than as pets in the US .Really  That s awful to hear .Of Roosevelt s    pets two were a bear and hyena . Whoa  cool  I know he seemed to be quite the animal lover . And there are more pets in Japan than there are children under     You can t be a pets  OWNER  in Boulder but you can be their guardian   .I have a pet  I am an ailurophile meaning I love cats .Cool word  Did you know there are    quintillion animal varieties on Earth .That is a lot  And in      Germany gave them legal rights . Yeah  and the Loch Ness monster is protected under the      Scottish Animal Protection Act .I wonder if the immortal jellyfish needs protecting    being immortal and all . Lol   speaking of water animals  did you know that hiccoughs are a left over from evolution when we had gills . Maybe that connection is part of why     of human disease genes have counterparts in zebrafish  too    hmm .Hmm  Good theory  Seeing that the most popular pets are cats and dogs it is no surprise that they are commonly used for therapy in hospitals . Well  they are good at helping people adjust to new situations  too . Yes  like for elderly who are without companions . Or people with anxiety and depression  or kids with autism . Yes  a seahorse wouldn t be very good for that purpose  Did you know seahorses are the only fish with a neck .I don t think a black swallower fish would be good as a companion pet either because it can eat prey twice its length .That would freak me out  But I bet it catches that prey using its acoustic communication .Could be  Fish are cool like that  I think it s neat that amphibians and reptiles and birds and mammals all had the same ancestry with fish .I wonder if reptiles are considered ectothermic like most fish . That would be a good thing to know  especially because some of them make good pets . Yep  but I don t know if walking a gecko would give the same health benefits as walking a dog.Probably not  Dog walking is good because it gives companionship and exercise at the same time . Hey  did you know the first marine predator was the shark  They developed in the Silurian period .Very interesting  I wonder how many aquatic species have gone extinct since then   .Or have evolved into other species  The shark has a higher core temperature than other fish because it is an active swimmer .That makes sense  I always thought sharks were pretty interesting because they have cartilage instead of bone . Yes  fascinating fact  Tuna also hold a higher core temperature  They are in the same class as shark because they are also active swimmers . Tuna can get quite large  too  It s cool how big some fish get .One more before we go   did you know domesticated animals develop a white patch on their forehead .Yeah  that is a pretty cool way to know they are domesticated rather than wild .Very cool chatting with you  Did you know there are      groups of genes  They are common to all living animals .It was a cool exercise in zoology chatting with you ',
'conversation_11 I think its sad to have to part with a pet due to allergies and couple conflict like in the Dear Amy section .That is sad  Do you have pets  The first cloned pet was a cat and its name was copy cat . Yes  I have a dog   Sounds like in the Dear Amy that they do everything tit for tat  The cat owner states that her fiance has to get rid of his saltwater fish if she gets rid of her cat   That s not necessarily fair though I don t think   They seem like they may struggle as a couple in the future .Yeah that s a bit dramatic  A cat lover is known as an ailurophile and a dog lover is known as a cynophile .Allergies can be serious to people   I understand his reserve of having a cat . Me too  A pet or companion animal is an animal kept primarily for a person s company  protection  or entertainment  No one should have to be made uncomfortable by a pet in the house . I m sure she loves the pet  but she has to make a choice if the pet is harming her fiance .Over     million living animal species have been described  I m sure they can find one to agree on .Did you ever hear that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated   That s a new one to me . That s interesting  Of the     million species    million are insects  Yuck . Apparently  there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal   If you want to live forever  you can look into being a jellyfish . Fascinating  In japan  there are more pets than there are children under    . Teddy Roosevelt had over    pets and his own real  teddy  bear along with a hyena.Wow  There are more tigers living as pets in the us than living wild in asia . I never met anyone with a tiger pet   That is strange   It s not legal to own pets in Boulder  Colorado but you can be their guardian . Lots of places have special animal rights  In       germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights .The loch ness monster is protected by      Scottish provisions.That s funny  It s not even a proven species  There are about    quintillion individual animals on planet earth .Did you ever hear of people being contacted due to DNA matches   You can opt in or out but might be connected with matches of family members. That is pretty cool  There are several companies offering DNA testing  and each seems to offer a different way of handling client privacy.DNA matches could be connected via social media ',
'conversation_12  hi  do you like fish . Yes  I love fish do you .yes me too  some of them can eat prey twice their sizew. Yes  did you know seahorses only fish to have a neck . that is so cool  and the males carry the young in that species. Yes  and zebrafish are very interesting .yeah did you know we use them to figure out stufffor ourselves. Yes interesting   How about the first cloned cat named copy cat .that is cool  there is a jellyfish that is immortal. I know  really  How about our hiccups are from gills and lungs . that is a such a cool fact  we are still evolving so maybe it will eventually go away. lol  interesting to know the loch ness monster is a protected species .yet no one has really seen it to confirm its existence. I know  Also  I do believe in Japan there is less people under    years of age than pets .do you know how many idnividual animals are believed to be on earth . Yes     quintillion  can you believe that Wow.I do not even know how many zeros are in that number. lol  I know  I guess  the US have more tigers as pets than living wild in Asia .and Roosevelet did not have any of them.He did have a bear and hyena  Good to know you are a guardian not an owner in Colorado to pets .I like that too  nice chat',
'conversation_13 Hello.Hello   do you have a cat   I see that some people can be allergic to them . No  I do not   I am actually allergic to cats   The first cloned pet was a cat and its name was copy cat. That s interesting and a little funny   I had no idea of this  but the cat is the most popular pet in the world   DId you know that . Wow  no I didn t know that   There are more tigers living as pets in the us than living wild in asia .Now that I had no idea of   Did you know that some tarantulas keep frogs as pets . Wow  that s odd  Two of the most popular pets are dogs and cats.I have dogs and used to have cats too but dogs are my favorite .Dogs are my favorite also   I hope to get another one in the future .Do you have any now   I have two . No  I do not   What kind do you have      per cent of genes known to be associated with human diseases have counterparts in the zebrafish.I have a beagle and a border collie   I had no idea about that with the zebrafish  I wonder if cures can be found by using their genes .I used to have a collie named Bimbo   That s a great question .Mine is named Cute Stuff   Did you know about the fish that lives on land  I wonder what it is . No  I didn t   There is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal.Seriously   I thought they just evaporated in the sun . Absolutely  There are about    quintillion individual animals on planet earth .And who knows how many that are undiscovered   Animals are truly fascinating . Yes  they are   In       germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights .I think that is a good thing   I like how the netherlands is constructing wildlife bridges .Me too  Thanks for the informative chat ',
'conversation_14  Hello  Did you know that there are over     million living animal species . No  that was chock  full of interesting facts  Hiccups are residual from when we had gills and lungs  Interesting stuff . Never heard that one before  lol  There is a fish called the black swallower that is capable of eating prey twice its length and    times its own weight .I knew one of those in my fraternity in college I think  I was shocked to learn there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal  Only creature on earth that can claim that here on the planet . Yeah we all know that guy  how about the loch ness monster being protected under the Scottish      protection of animals act  Creatures of the great deep are extraordinary   The immortal Jelly fish  . I already looked up that jellyfish on my phone  Fascinating  yes loch ness is protected and pets in Boulder  Colorado are not owned  but guarded  Interesting how different cultures handle that .Tell me about it apparently there are more U S  Tigers living as pets than there are living in the wild in Asia . Yes  that is sad in some ways too  Happy we re keeping them alive  probably in zoo but going extinct in the wild is a sad statement on the planet today .I agree  Germany became the first country to universally give animals constitutionally guaranteed rights . While I m a pet owner  that going a bit far  Do you give dogs and cats rights  how about those dairy cows or cattle to be eaten  Do they get lesser rights .Very good point  My wife and I are watching Blue Planet  It s shocking some of the things that are down in the deep  they are still making discoveries every single day  Apparently the sea horse is the only fish with a neck . Yes  and really they say we know more about the face of the moon than the bottom of the ocean  Who knows what s down there we don t know   Maybe the Loch Ness monster s cousin . If you ever get a chance you should check this show  there s some amazing creatures down there      of genes that are associated with diseases have counterparts in the Zebrafish  .I read that and thought the same  I wonder how similar the Zebra Fish is to humans  Can we use that in medical research . If we can i m sure it will be preventative or medication  There s no money in cures  I didn t realize that we had already cloned a cat and named it Copy Cat  that s too funny . Yes  the scientist in that experiment had a sense of humor  Related to domestication  I had no idea that domesticated animals develop a white patch on their foreheads  I wonder what causes that  it doesn t seem to have any evolutionary reason to me .Sounds strange  I can t fathom why anyone would want a rat for a pet  I m a little leery of guinea pigs and ferrets  anything with red eyes you can keep . Haha  yep  A snake doesn t seem very warm or comforting either  I don t understand why people enjoy having them as pets  And how do they find partners who accept it . Other people who like that stuff i guess  haha  Apparently Theodore Roosevelt had    pets including a bear and Hyena  I wonder if he played with them much  . Well  President of the United States  I wonder if he had them in the White House  Did he have a stable for the bear out back .Some animals just should be domesticated  That white patch if true is something to ponder . Yes indeed  interesting facts that will give me pause this weekend  That was an enjoyable conversation  Thanks and have a lovely weekend .You as well  .Thanks ',
'conversation_15  hey hows it going  do you know what the first cloned animal was . Was it a sheep  I heard the first cloned pet was a cat  though  Its name was copy cat  That is funny . haha ya I like that  what is also wild to me is that there are more domesticated tigers living as pets than there are wild tigers living around asia. Wow  that is weird and sad  Speaking of which  did you hear about the tiger found in the duffel bag . no that is really sad  poor tiger what happened to it  Why was it in a bag .I guess it was being smuggled to the USA from Mexico . ya I don t like that that makes me mad  do you have any pets  I guess In Japan there are more pets than there are kids under the age of fifteen. They really love their pets huh  No  I don t have any pets  Do you . no we used to have a dog but we were only watching her for a bit and the owner took her away  we had lots of pets as kids though like iguanas and rabbits and such. In Boulder  Colorado you cannot own a pet  You can be their guardian though . hmm that seems dumb like its just playing with words  do you like Teddy Roosevelt  apparently he had over    pets  or as they say in Colorado   Guardians  haha. Maybe it helps people to feel more of an obligation to their pets  Shrug  Yeah  Teddy Roosevelt is an interesting guy  It s unfortunate though that people try to domesticate tigers as you mentioned  Many of the animals perish along the way from suffocation or hunger  . ya that makes me really sad  what do you think about fish  I had salmon for dinner so I do think theyre tasty haha.Haha  Funny  I don t eat seafood  My mom forced me to eat salmon way too often when I was little and I grew sick of it  Haha  firstworldproblems . haha ya  well I am like the black swallower fish  I could eat a salmon twice my height and ten times my weight because I love it.Funny  I would love to learn more about a jellyfish that is immortal .I know they need to apply those genes to me  also weird is there is no fish except for the seahorse that has an actual neck.So seahorses are salt water right  I guess they drink water though their mouths while freshwater fish only drink through their skin . yes that would be true  also true is that     of human disease genes are also associated with the zebrafish  we need to study that fish too .How odd  Do you think the loch ness monster is real  It is a protected species . haha I wish it were real  that s funny they did that in       maybe they knew something that we dont ',
'conversation_16 What would you do if you found a baby tiger inside of a duffel bag . I would look around to make sure Mama tiger is not in the area and looking at me with   Gimme back my child  look . LOL yep you don t want to be around an angry tiger mom haha  I guess they found one on the southern Border in Texas  a bag with a baby tiger that is.Was it a smuggling thing .Yes I think so unfortunately  the smuggling industry is a billion dollar trade unfortunately. With    quintillion animals in this world  why would anyone feel the need to smuggle one . Haha well different animals are definitely worth different amounts  I don t think a mosquito is worth anything LOL  Why do you think animals can get white patches on their foreheads . Once domesticated  animals develop white patches on their foreheads  likely because once indoors  they run into painted walls and doors with their heads  I know i do .Haha I wonder if humans developed these white patches as well  What do you think about Germany giving constitutional rights to animals  They did that back in     . I think German constitutional right for animals are pretty cool  Pretty  pretty   I learned about that while watching the German remake of the classic film      angry hamsters . Well I ll have to watch that movie  I just think it s cool that hiccups are relics of When Animals had both lungs and gills  so next time you have the hiccups think about that LOL.Does that mean putting a bag over your head while hiccupping may cause you to de evolve  Maybe that is what happened to the Loch Ness Monster  I m glad  she is a protected species  Hate to think someone might bag Aunt Matilda . It s funny that it s protected by      Scottish law  the  protection of animals act   hopefully that means that it s a real animal LOL but I doubt it. Yeah  Aunt Matilda would make a better hag fish anyway  or maybe a seahorse  since they are the only fish with a neck  .That is crazy  I also think it s crazy that there is a jellyfish breed that can never die AKA its immortal. Does that mean they never get cancer  or they get cancer forever  You know      of genes associated with human disease are also found in the zebrafish  but I have never seen a zebrafish with MS or Parkinson s disease   . Haha I haven t seen it either  Maybe some people have the black swallower fish disease  because black swallow fish Can Eat Prey twice their length and    times their weight haha. Haha  If  freshwater fish can drink through it s skin  why don t you ever see a freshwater fish floating in a margarita .Haha I wish I could drink through my skin and float in a margarita LOL  Do you have any pets by the way . Too many to count  We ve had Hamsters  snakes  scorpions  lizards  fish  cats  dogs  chickens  birds   Our apartment is getting cramped   . Haha that s a lot of animals  We have a dog actually  but I can t believe that there are more pet tigers in the USA than Wild Ones in Asia  a lot of people must have illegal pets here',
'conversation_17 Can you recommend any movies to watch .Do you like Star Wars   The movie about Hans Solo just came out on Netflix .Is that the one where its about a young Han Solo . Yeah it is the one  so Han Solo is not played by Harrison Ford  does it affect your opinion of the movie  .Someone else can fill Harrison Fords shoes  Maybe ill check into how well this Alden guy does in the role. He did a good job  but Han Solo was already young in the      movie  I think it impacted negatively the movie  .Does Chewbacca appear in this movie . Yes it does  but it is not the same actor who did the other movies  I don t think that matters too much  .I like their relationshop in the movies  Chewy is a very loyal friend.In the canon Chewy has a family a wife and   sons .Thats interesting  I heard George RR Martin had an illustration that Chewie is based off of. I heard that too  it was on the cover of one of his small stories  It is a peculiar creature when you think about it  .I wonder what other crazy creatures we could have had in space with Martins help  There s a giant fictional Universe that could be filled .Would you like to  see a film with Chewbacca as the principal character  .I think it would be interesting  There are also so many comic stories that could be told  I just wonder how communication would work in such a movie. They would use subtitles  And good storytelling  like how Hans Solo seems to understand Chewie s intentions  but not his words  .Yeah its like having a dog as a best friend  But able to shoot things.There was also a dog movie that opened this summer A X L  about a robot dog .I will have to check that one out as well  Thanks for your time  have a good day. Do you like dogs   I love them  they were one of the first domesticated animals .Yes  dogs and elephants can understand pointing',
'conversation_18 Good Morning  How are you today . Well  you may be on the other side of the fence but I like neither Kanye nor Trump .I couldn t have said it any better lol  That was such an odd meeting between them two a couple months ago . I recall the time that Kanye stood up to a President when he perceived racism  now he seems to have flipped   I guess they money makes a big difference .A very big difference  He even thinks AIDS is a man made disease . People love a good conspiracy story   I think that is how Trump does so well  people believe in the Deep State  and such .I agree  What kind of music do you like to listen to . I m a kid of the eighties and nineties   I never really moved on from that alternative rock scene .Same here  I think rap has been a major significance in the last twenty years though huh . There has been the odd rap song that I like  but for me it s cultural   I m just not from the environment most rappers are and can t appreciate their point of view .I agree too  I can t believe a michigan judge once delivered her ruling to eminem in the form of a rap haha . That s kind of cool  I like it when people don t take themselves too seriously   Like when Kanye made fun of himself on SNL   If only he d do it more . All he has to do is talk and it happens haha  I give him props though  he once gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at a concert  However  I m sure he told a person to stand up in a wheelchair before too     . Funny   Are you one for hats   Probably not a MAGA hat  but hat s in general  . I wear hats when I m out hiking  but that is about it  how about you . Generally not   I m originally from the UK so I guess most people would associate me with a bowler hat  but never really worn any type of hat .It took me awhile to figure out what it looks like but now I know  Wasn t that the most popular hat in the old west too . I m guessing that is because of TV and movies  we get this idea of the way it is shown when reality is somewhat different  Being self deprecating  I d say a dunces cap suits me well .Well said  I think it suits me well too haha  That is where the conical party hat was derived from .Or maybe we could give it to Mr West next time he wants to speak his mind to us . Or just when he is walking around being the odd self he is  Anyways  I had a great chat with you  have an awesome day ',
'conversation_19 Do you like wearing hats  It has so many functions .I don t like them on myself but I know a lot of people that can pull them off . Yes me as well  In the military hats denote a nationality  branch of service  rank or regiment .I noticed the different hats in the military but did not know it had to do with rank . Yes they have a function to play  In the old west  the most popular hat was the bowler .Wow  They always show a stetson or something close so I m shocked by that .Yes me as well  Tipping of ones hat arises from the knights raising their face visors  Very chivalry of them .That s a very interesting fact  Did you know that until      British politicians were required to wear a top hat if they were making a point of order .Oh wow that seems kind of an old tradition  Kind of like that conical party hat which was derived from dunce caps .That s also a strange hat  As far as old traditions in British politics I don t understand why they still wear powdered wigs in court either  So strange .Agreed  They look so silly in my opinion  A lot of rapping attire looks silly too  But the rapper Tupac was very talented as his music is in the library of congress of cultural significance . I m surprised they would include any rap at this point to be honest  Speaking of rap  do you know what Eminem wanted to be before he was a rapper .I didn t know that  Very interesting  Rappers also have some odd beliefs  Like Kanye West who thinks AIDS is a man made disease .Eminem actually wanted to be a comic book artist  Kanye West is very strange and has a lot of strange ideas .Yes he is  But he has done some good things like giving a mic to a fan in a wheelchair at his concert .That was nice of him  Did you know that Busta Rhymes did voice work in an animated movie .Oh yeah you re right  He was the Reptar Wagon in the      Rugrats Movie .Yes he was  He has a distinct voice so I don t know how I missed it initially .Good point  I didn t know rap was popular in Korea  They created a form of rap dueling called compliment battle  Well thanks for talking with me today .I didn t know that either  That has to sound a lot different than the rap battles here  It was nice talking with you as well .Yes here they are much more agressive  Have a good one ',
'conversation_20 did you see that Kanye is having another kid .I heard something but I m not really following his offspring   .I saw that they are using a surrogate and only paying   k   I d want a whole lot more than that . ok  yes that s what I read    and somebody needs to explain to me  how using a surrogate really works   . Simple explanation   They take egg from mom  Sperm from dad   put it together and then into another person .ok    why are they doing that   Kardashian can t have babies  . Not sure to be honest  I d love to know too though .I think it s just another thing to do to be on the cover of the magazine and have plenty of interviews     this is a crazy world   . I wouldn t doubt it   Speaking of him  do you like rap music   trying to cover the topics  haha . lol    no  not really    I don t consider it to be music   .I mean   I think it is definitely music   but I agree not my type .Doesn t music needs melody     .Lots of rap does have that .a sample on keyboard doesn t count   .I m thinking you haven t heard much more than whats on the radio then. Maybe You re right  I don t want to argue    not my cup of tea though    I m more of a blues fan  Classic rock  maybe metal    .I ll pretty much listen to anything except country   It is god awful.I don t listen to country but I don t mind it  It has it s own charm and it takes skills to play and sing country   .I suppose   Just like most music what is played on the radio is just garbage.I agree    I mean I haven t heard anything new that s good  Maybe except Black Country Communion    great band.Can t say I know them '
