conversations
conversation_1 Are you a fan of Google or Microsoft .Both are excellent technology they are helpful in many ways  For the security purpose both are super . I m not  a huge fan of Google  but I use it a lot because I have to  I think they are a monopoly in some sense  . Google provides online related services and products  which includes online ads  search engine and cloud computing . Yeah  their services are good  I m just not a fan of intrusive they can be on our personal lives  .Google is leading the alphabet subsidiary and will continue to be the Umbrella company for Alphabet internet interest .Did you know Google had hundreds of live goats to cut the grass in the past . It is very interesting  Google provide  Chrome OS  which is a light weight OS  Google provided a lot of hardware mainly in      to       .I like Google Chrome  Do you use it as well for your browser . Yes Google is the biggest search engine and Google service figure out top     website  including Youtube and Blogger . By the way  do you like Fish  .Yes  They form a sister group of tourniquets  they make the sea water clean and remove the dust from it  Fish is the biggest part in the eco system .Did you know that a seahorse is the only fish to have a neck . Freshwater fish only drink water through the skin via Osmosis  Saltwater fish drink water through the mouth  Dolphins are friendly to human beings . Interesting  they also have gills  Did you know that jellyfish are immortal  .Yes  Fish is the important resources of human world wide for the commercial and subsistence fish hunts the fish in the wild fisheries . What about cats  do you like cats  I m a dog fan myself  .The cat is referred as domestic cat and wild cat  They make our world very clean from rats . Yeah  cats can be cool  but they sure do spend a lot of their time sleeping  .Cats hear the sounds too faint or too high frequency human ears can hear . I heard that too  Well  it was nice chatting with you  Have a good day  
conversation_2 do you like dance .Yes  I do  Did you know Bruce Lee was a cha cha dancer .Yes he even won a hardcore cha cha championship in     .Yeah  Did you know Tupac was a ballet dancer .Yes and he even was in the production of the nutcracker.Yeah  Ballet dancer go through   pairs of shoes a week.Yes that is a lot of shoes and also a lot of money.Yeah true  Did you know babies are really good at dancing .Yes and they smile more when they hit the beat.Yeah they are much smarter than we give them credit for.True Did you know Jackson had a patent on a dancing device .Yes it helped him smooth out his dance moves.Nice  Do you like Shakespeare .Yes I do  Do you know that he popularized many phrases. Yes like good riddance  in my heart of hearts and such. Yes and then he also invented names like Jessica  Olivia and Miranda.Yes  And for his works you have to use old english for it to make sense.Yes otherwise the rhymes and puns do not seem to work out.Yes  He lived at the same time as Pocahontas too.I wonder if they met how that would go from there.Yeah interesting point  Nice chat
conversation_3 Hey what s up do use Google very often I really love the company and was surprised to hear that it was founded back in      .i think everyone must use it daily  its become ingrained in every day life.Agreed  The Google headquarters in Mountain View California is nicknamed the Google Plex . thats funny  The current CEO is Sundar Pichai  i didnt know Larry Page was replaced.Oh yeah I didn t know that either  I also want to go to google Plex to see the goats who mow their lawn by eating it .say what now   they have that  .Yeah apparently lol  They do that instead of hiring people to mow .thats both funny and i guess imaginative  leave it to a huge tech company to employ actual goats .Yeah exactly I am sure they are cheaper  One thing I bet they couldn t exploit is fish  I think fish are so cool there is actually a breed of jellyfish that is immortal .i had rememered hearing about that before  Immortatlity is wasted on a jellyfish haha  did you know a seahorse is the only fish that has an actual neck .That is so funny I guess I never considered a seahorse a fish  The black swallower fish sounds a lot like a snake because it can eat pray that is so large .i guess they live up to their name then .It seems they do  I also didn t know that there was a difference with how freshwater and saltwater fish drink .thats crazy  i wonder why fresh water ones only use osmosis .Yeah and saltwater fish are lucky because they can do that and drink through their mouth s .seems like fresh water fish got the short end of the stick with that one  Have you ever been to a cat cafe . I have never been to a cat cafe no  what about you  Seems like they are popular in Japan and Taiwan .no but I would love to  paying hourly to hang out with adorable cats  im in .Yeah that would be a lot of fun  I didn t realize that cats sleep so much  Must be nice . i guess thats where the phrase  cat nap  comes from.Oh yeah I guess so ha ha  There s even a town in Alaska that has a mayor cat 
conversation_4 Hi   do you like to dance .I love to dance a lot  How about you . I am really bad  but it is a good time .Dancing is a lot of fun  Did you know that Bruce Lee was a great dancer . I heard that  winning Cha Cha championships and everything .Yes that is amazing  He won the Hong Kong cha cha championship back in      in fact .I always just thought of him as a martial arts legend   Now he is a dance legend of sorts too .Yeah   That is correct  He was a fantastic martial artist  Did you know that Tupac danced ballet in high school . Yeah   He was the mouse king in the Nutcracker   Thats pretty cool  I would definitely never have guessed that about him .Neither did I  That is insane because Tupac was a famous rapper . He was indeed  his music is even in the library of congress .I didn t know this thanks for sharing .Sure thing   Did you hear about Michael Jackson s special patent shoes .No  I know that Michael Jackson was a fantastic dancer but can you tell me more about his patent shoes if you don t mind .There was a specific device in his shoes that helped with his extreme lean in some dance moves .Wow    That is amazing coming from such a talented singer and dancer  I couldn t even dance like that even if I dreamed of it .Me neither  I could never be a professional dancer .I heard that some professional ballet dancer can go through four pairs of shoes in a week .That is crazy   That can t be cheap for them .No  I think its very expensive for them to be professional ballet dancers based on this . It has been great chatting but I must go   Gotta go get my Bruce Lee on  the martial arts part     definitely not the dance .Ha Ha    It was so nice chatting with you as well   Have a nice day    Bye.Bye
conversation_5 do you like dance .I love it  Did you know Bruce Lee was a dancer .Yes he even won a cha cha championship in     .Yeah  Did you know ballet dancers use a lot of shoes .Yes they go through   pairs in a single week.Yeah that is a lot of shoes and also a lot of money.Yeah  Babies are also really good at dancing when they hear music.Yes and they smile more when they hit the beat.Yeah pretty cute  Did you know Tupac was a ballet dancer .Yes he was in the nutcracker as the mouse king.Yeah  DO you like SHakespeare .I love his work  Did you know he popularized many terms that we use to this day . Yes terms like  good riddance  in my heart of heart and such.Yes  He lives at the same time as Pocahontas did.I wonder if they had met what he would have written about her .Yeah good point  He also invented some women s names. Yes among those are Olivia  Miranda and Jessica.Yeah  Did you know that his works have to stick to the old english language to make sense . Yes especially with punk and rhymes  they do not work with modern language.Yeah  Did you know Tchaikozsky donated his skull in hopes it will be used in Shakespeare s plays .Yes and did get used so that is good  Nice chat
conversation_6  hi  do you use google much . Yes  I think it is the most effective search engine  How about you  Do you use gmail .Yes  a google search takes more computing power than sending astronauts tot he moon.And before on Google moon they used to use cheese for close ups .do you know how google maps calculates traffic . I am not sure  how do they do this .they track how fast android devices are moving.Interesting  Google really is taking over the world  Their data center electricity use is      percent of all worldwide electricity .Yes for sure they are  they have grown so much over the years.But I like that they like to have fun too  Have you ever typed askew into Google .No I have  What does the results turn .You should try it  It tilts the page  Another fun thing Google does is call new employees nogglers  They have to wear propeller beanies  Or is this mean . Oh  not sure about that really  People say it is a great place to work at though. Before Google launched gmail  that was the name of a free email service offered by garfield s website  That actually seems more fun .I know now everytime I open gmail I think of garfield. Speaking of cats  I would love to get a glow in the dark one  They have those in South Korea .Wow  In Japana and Taiwan there are cat cafes where you can play with them.That seems fun  That reminds me of the Anderson house bed and breakfast in Minnesota  They used to offer a free cat for the night when you booked a room .wow  there is a town in alaska where the mayor of the town is a cat. That is cool  Cats are a pretty smart species  There has not been a cat species extinction in        years .They are indeed very smart and that proves it  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_7 Do you like comic books .I do like comic books .Have you heard that Harley Quinn has a new comic book series coming out . I have not heard that   I know that comic book legend Stan Lee used to end every phone conversation with  excelsior  .I ve heard that too  Did you know that the DC in DC comics stands for Detective Comics .I just read that today   The largest comic book market is in Japan   I believe it   My son loves to read those mangas .I would love to go there  I used to like reading Manga too .The manga market is Japan is valued at    to    billion dollars .That is wild  Did you know that Michigan State University library has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world . I didn t know that   I wonder how many people use it   By comparison to Japan  the US comic book market in the US and Canada is       billion . That s crazy  Japan is way more into comic books than America it seems  . I agree   The Marvel cinematic universe takes place in earth          a multiverse different from the original comic book multiverse  earth     . That s pretty wild  Marvel published a  generic comic book   in order to trademark the names  superhero  and  super villain   That was pretty smart of them  .No doubt   Do you know much about the planets or the universe .I know a little bit  I ve heard that Venus does not tilt .That interesting   Uranus is different to   It actually rotates sideways and rolls around the sun rather than spins like the other planets .That s really interesting  I ve also heard that Jupiter s moon Ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun .It must be pretty big then   I wouldn t want to ever visit the unnamed planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at      mph .I don t see that being a pleasant place  It s even      degree weather  That sounds like hell to me .Hahah That s a good way of putting it . Well I have to get to work  I hope you have a good day  It was nice chatting with you 
conversation_8 Can you believe there is stars that can be cold enough to be touched   The universe is so diverse .Its amazing and ever evolving .Yeah and there is even places that exist but we never will be able to see because they are too far away .They are saying space pulls galaxies outside of universe that we could see. Yes that is what I was saying  albeit I doubt that there is only one electron in the universe like some people say  .I don t see anything supporting or denying that theory so we would never know for sure . Yeah  but only one   For all the universe   It does not seems logic    .There is only one sun that warms earth and all other planets so why not just one electron . Because an electron is part of matter  the water you drink  the chair you sit on  Saying there is only   electron in the universe is like saying there is   grain of wheat in your bread   .It makes sense when you put it that way but in terms of that universe size the electron could be very big .Maybe they did mean to say that our universe is contained in an electron in another universe  . I don t know but I am at the end of knowledge on this subject  What do you think about the facts of comics  I would have thought US invented them  but it s Japan or UK . Japan has a great printing history  I am not surprised about this  Do you read comics books   I have read a few but not about super heroes  . I used to in my childhood but not any more  I used to love inspector Gadget  .Was Inspect Gadget a comics on Paper or a cartoon on TV   I was talking about what Marvel is publishing .On Paper and yes I do recall seeing Super hero and Hulk books . I think that Hulk is in the Marvel universe  But like I said  I never read anything from Marvel nor DC comics  . Right me neither  there were so many good choices of comics when I was growing up  . Not where I lived  if I want to read a comic book  I had to go to the library  But as I think about it Tintin is a comic book  so I was wrong  I did read a lot of them when I was young but they were European   . Mine all time favorite was Bozo the clown  books and TV both  . I did saw a lot of cartoons on TV  but I don t think that considered as a comic book  have a nice day  
conversation_9 Are you a Star Wars fan  I need to rewatch the OT and the prequels so I can watch the subsequent stuff for the first time and understand what s going on . Hi  Yes  I am a huge fan of Star Wars  I also loved how it was the first major movie to be dubbed in Navajo  I think that is so cool . Yeah  that s wild  I guess it takes a pretty small audience to pay for the translation work . Agreed  Isn t it also funny James Earl Jones only spent two and half hours recording his lines for Darth Vader  I also can t believe he was only paid        Geez  that s pocket change .      is amazingly low  I guess since Darth Vader was masked Jones could just record everything at once in the studio . Agreed  Can you also believe that George Lucas  wife at the time  Marcia  won an academy award for her editing on Star Wars and yet George Lucas didn t win an academy award for directing  That is just downright unbelievable .A lot of people think the OT was so much better than the prequels because of her influence . Yeah it was because of her that so many major changes were made like Leia s good luck kiss  Obi Wan s death  etc  She was truly a big influence . I remember thinking just about everything in the prequels  timeline was off  based on the mental version of the past the OT led us to construct  But I d have to rewatch to nail it down .Yeah I would have to watch it as well  So are you also a fan of Chewbacca  I love him  I think it s funny there s a bat species called the Chewbacca bat  That s hilarious .I never felt strongly about Chewbacca one way or the other TBH  But I ve got to google a picture of that bat to see what it looks like .I would like to see it as well  Did you know Chewbacca actually had a wife and two boys  That s pretty interesting .I vaguely recall reading something in the Star Wars fictional universe where a young Han Solo stayed with Chewbacca and his mom in their home . That s so weird  isn t it  Ha  Are you one of the fans who believes both r d  and Chewbacca were secret rebel agents  I kind of think it s an interesting theory  . I wish I knew enough about the background to have an opinion  but the last Star Wars I watched was Episode III  when it came out on video  I really need to rewatch to refresh my memory of it  . Same here  Like  I also had forgotten that before his companionship with Chewbacca  Hans Solo was an imperial lieutenant . Yeah  I don t remember that at all  He definitely doesn t seem like the type . Indeed he doesn t  But I ve always liked Chewbacca because he reminded me of a giant dog  Ha  Speaking of dogs  I think it s cool that dogs  along with elephants  are the only animals that understand pointing . I wouldn t be surprised if cats understood it but just didn t care  LOL . Ha  No kidding  Speaking of dogs and cats  I like how Google prefers dogs over cats and even states in their code of conduct that they re a dog company  That is awesome . Yeah  that s a weird official policy for what s supposed to be a neutral search engine  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_10  Naming a cloned cat  copy cat   that s cute .You must have ESP  I was going to tell you teh same thing  I have a sad story to tell there are less tigers living in the wild in Asia than as pets in the US .Really  That s awful to hear .Of Roosevelt s    pets two were a bear and hyena . Whoa  cool  I know he seemed to be quite the animal lover . And there are more pets in Japan than there are children under     You can t be a pets  OWNER  in Boulder but you can be their guardian   .I have a pet  I am an ailurophile meaning I love cats .Cool word  Did you know there are    quintillion animal varieties on Earth .That is a lot  And in      Germany gave them legal rights . Yeah  and the Loch Ness monster is protected under the      Scottish Animal Protection Act .I wonder if the immortal jellyfish needs protecting    being immortal and all . Lol   speaking of water animals  did you know that hiccoughs are a left over from evolution when we had gills . Maybe that connection is part of why     of human disease genes have counterparts in zebrafish  too    hmm .Hmm  Good theory  Seeing that the most popular pets are cats and dogs it is no surprise that they are commonly used for therapy in hospitals . Well  they are good at helping people adjust to new situations  too . Yes  like for elderly who are without companions . Or people with anxiety and depression  or kids with autism . Yes  a seahorse wouldn t be very good for that purpose  Did you know seahorses are the only fish with a neck .I don t think a black swallower fish would be good as a companion pet either because it can eat prey twice its length .That would freak me out  But I bet it catches that prey using its acoustic communication .Could be  Fish are cool like that  I think it s neat that amphibians and reptiles and birds and mammals all had the same ancestry with fish .I wonder if reptiles are considered ectothermic like most fish . That would be a good thing to know  especially because some of them make good pets . Yep  but I don t know if walking a gecko would give the same health benefits as walking a dog.Probably not  Dog walking is good because it gives companionship and exercise at the same time . Hey  did you know the first marine predator was the shark  They developed in the Silurian period .Very interesting  I wonder how many aquatic species have gone extinct since then   .Or have evolved into other species  The shark has a higher core temperature than other fish because it is an active swimmer .That makes sense  I always thought sharks were pretty interesting because they have cartilage instead of bone . Yes  fascinating fact  Tuna also hold a higher core temperature  They are in the same class as shark because they are also active swimmers . Tuna can get quite large  too  It s cool how big some fish get .One more before we go   did you know domesticated animals develop a white patch on their forehead .Yeah  that is a pretty cool way to know they are domesticated rather than wild .Very cool chatting with you  Did you know there are      groups of genes  They are common to all living animals .It was a cool exercise in zoology chatting with you 
conversation_11 I think its sad to have to part with a pet due to allergies and couple conflict like in the Dear Amy section .That is sad  Do you have pets  The first cloned pet was a cat and its name was copy cat . Yes  I have a dog   Sounds like in the Dear Amy that they do everything tit for tat  The cat owner states that her fiance has to get rid of his saltwater fish if she gets rid of her cat   That s not necessarily fair though I don t think   They seem like they may struggle as a couple in the future .Yeah that s a bit dramatic  A cat lover is known as an ailurophile and a dog lover is known as a cynophile .Allergies can be serious to people   I understand his reserve of having a cat . Me too  A pet or companion animal is an animal kept primarily for a person s company  protection  or entertainment  No one should have to be made uncomfortable by a pet in the house . I m sure she loves the pet  but she has to make a choice if the pet is harming her fiance .Over     million living animal species have been described  I m sure they can find one to agree on .Did you ever hear that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated   That s a new one to me . That s interesting  Of the     million species    million are insects  Yuck . Apparently  there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal   If you want to live forever  you can look into being a jellyfish . Fascinating  In japan  there are more pets than there are children under    . Teddy Roosevelt had over    pets and his own real  teddy  bear along with a hyena.Wow  There are more tigers living as pets in the us than living wild in asia . I never met anyone with a tiger pet   That is strange   It s not legal to own pets in Boulder  Colorado but you can be their guardian . Lots of places have special animal rights  In       germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights .The loch ness monster is protected by      Scottish provisions.That s funny  It s not even a proven species  There are about    quintillion individual animals on planet earth .Did you ever hear of people being contacted due to DNA matches   You can opt in or out but might be connected with matches of family members. That is pretty cool  There are several companies offering DNA testing  and each seems to offer a different way of handling client privacy.DNA matches could be connected via social media 
conversation_12  hi  do you like fish . Yes  I love fish do you .yes me too  some of them can eat prey twice their sizew. Yes  did you know seahorses only fish to have a neck . that is so cool  and the males carry the young in that species. Yes  and zebrafish are very interesting .yeah did you know we use them to figure out stufffor ourselves. Yes interesting   How about the first cloned cat named copy cat .that is cool  there is a jellyfish that is immortal. I know  really  How about our hiccups are from gills and lungs . that is a such a cool fact  we are still evolving so maybe it will eventually go away. lol  interesting to know the loch ness monster is a protected species .yet no one has really seen it to confirm its existence. I know  Also  I do believe in Japan there is less people under    years of age than pets .do you know how many idnividual animals are believed to be on earth . Yes     quintillion  can you believe that Wow.I do not even know how many zeros are in that number. lol  I know  I guess  the US have more tigers as pets than living wild in Asia .and Roosevelet did not have any of them.He did have a bear and hyena  Good to know you are a guardian not an owner in Colorado to pets .I like that too  nice chat
conversation_13 Hello.Hello   do you have a cat   I see that some people can be allergic to them . No  I do not   I am actually allergic to cats   The first cloned pet was a cat and its name was copy cat. That s interesting and a little funny   I had no idea of this  but the cat is the most popular pet in the world   DId you know that . Wow  no I didn t know that   There are more tigers living as pets in the us than living wild in asia .Now that I had no idea of   Did you know that some tarantulas keep frogs as pets . Wow  that s odd  Two of the most popular pets are dogs and cats.I have dogs and used to have cats too but dogs are my favorite .Dogs are my favorite also   I hope to get another one in the future .Do you have any now   I have two . No  I do not   What kind do you have      per cent of genes known to be associated with human diseases have counterparts in the zebrafish.I have a beagle and a border collie   I had no idea about that with the zebrafish  I wonder if cures can be found by using their genes .I used to have a collie named Bimbo   That s a great question .Mine is named Cute Stuff   Did you know about the fish that lives on land  I wonder what it is . No  I didn t   There is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal.Seriously   I thought they just evaporated in the sun . Absolutely  There are about    quintillion individual animals on planet earth .And who knows how many that are undiscovered   Animals are truly fascinating . Yes  they are   In       germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights .I think that is a good thing   I like how the netherlands is constructing wildlife bridges .Me too  Thanks for the informative chat 
conversation_14  Hello  Did you know that there are over     million living animal species . No  that was chock  full of interesting facts  Hiccups are residual from when we had gills and lungs  Interesting stuff . Never heard that one before  lol  There is a fish called the black swallower that is capable of eating prey twice its length and    times its own weight .I knew one of those in my fraternity in college I think  I was shocked to learn there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal  Only creature on earth that can claim that here on the planet . Yeah we all know that guy  how about the loch ness monster being protected under the Scottish      protection of animals act  Creatures of the great deep are extraordinary   The immortal Jelly fish  . I already looked up that jellyfish on my phone  Fascinating  yes loch ness is protected and pets in Boulder  Colorado are not owned  but guarded  Interesting how different cultures handle that .Tell me about it apparently there are more U S  Tigers living as pets than there are living in the wild in Asia . Yes  that is sad in some ways too  Happy we re keeping them alive  probably in zoo but going extinct in the wild is a sad statement on the planet today .I agree  Germany became the first country to universally give animals constitutionally guaranteed rights . While I m a pet owner  that going a bit far  Do you give dogs and cats rights  how about those dairy cows or cattle to be eaten  Do they get lesser rights .Very good point  My wife and I are watching Blue Planet  It s shocking some of the things that are down in the deep  they are still making discoveries every single day  Apparently the sea horse is the only fish with a neck . Yes  and really they say we know more about the face of the moon than the bottom of the ocean  Who knows what s down there we don t know   Maybe the Loch Ness monster s cousin . If you ever get a chance you should check this show  there s some amazing creatures down there      of genes that are associated with diseases have counterparts in the Zebrafish  .I read that and thought the same  I wonder how similar the Zebra Fish is to humans  Can we use that in medical research . If we can i m sure it will be preventative or medication  There s no money in cures  I didn t realize that we had already cloned a cat and named it Copy Cat  that s too funny . Yes  the scientist in that experiment had a sense of humor  Related to domestication  I had no idea that domesticated animals develop a white patch on their foreheads  I wonder what causes that  it doesn t seem to have any evolutionary reason to me .Sounds strange  I can t fathom why anyone would want a rat for a pet  I m a little leery of guinea pigs and ferrets  anything with red eyes you can keep . Haha  yep  A snake doesn t seem very warm or comforting either  I don t understand why people enjoy having them as pets  And how do they find partners who accept it . Other people who like that stuff i guess  haha  Apparently Theodore Roosevelt had    pets including a bear and Hyena  I wonder if he played with them much  . Well  President of the United States  I wonder if he had them in the White House  Did he have a stable for the bear out back .Some animals just should be domesticated  That white patch if true is something to ponder . Yes indeed  interesting facts that will give me pause this weekend  That was an enjoyable conversation  Thanks and have a lovely weekend .You as well  .Thanks 
conversation_15  hey hows it going  do you know what the first cloned animal was . Was it a sheep  I heard the first cloned pet was a cat  though  Its name was copy cat  That is funny . haha ya I like that  what is also wild to me is that there are more domesticated tigers living as pets than there are wild tigers living around asia. Wow  that is weird and sad  Speaking of which  did you hear about the tiger found in the duffel bag . no that is really sad  poor tiger what happened to it  Why was it in a bag .I guess it was being smuggled to the USA from Mexico . ya I don t like that that makes me mad  do you have any pets  I guess In Japan there are more pets than there are kids under the age of fifteen. They really love their pets huh  No  I don t have any pets  Do you . no we used to have a dog but we were only watching her for a bit and the owner took her away  we had lots of pets as kids though like iguanas and rabbits and such. In Boulder  Colorado you cannot own a pet  You can be their guardian though . hmm that seems dumb like its just playing with words  do you like Teddy Roosevelt  apparently he had over    pets  or as they say in Colorado   Guardians  haha. Maybe it helps people to feel more of an obligation to their pets  Shrug  Yeah  Teddy Roosevelt is an interesting guy  It s unfortunate though that people try to domesticate tigers as you mentioned  Many of the animals perish along the way from suffocation or hunger  . ya that makes me really sad  what do you think about fish  I had salmon for dinner so I do think theyre tasty haha.Haha  Funny  I don t eat seafood  My mom forced me to eat salmon way too often when I was little and I grew sick of it  Haha  firstworldproblems . haha ya  well I am like the black swallower fish  I could eat a salmon twice my height and ten times my weight because I love it.Funny  I would love to learn more about a jellyfish that is immortal .I know they need to apply those genes to me  also weird is there is no fish except for the seahorse that has an actual neck.So seahorses are salt water right  I guess they drink water though their mouths while freshwater fish only drink through their skin . yes that would be true  also true is that     of human disease genes are also associated with the zebrafish  we need to study that fish too .How odd  Do you think the loch ness monster is real  It is a protected species . haha I wish it were real  that s funny they did that in       maybe they knew something that we dont 
conversation_16 What would you do if you found a baby tiger inside of a duffel bag . I would look around to make sure Mama tiger is not in the area and looking at me with   Gimme back my child  look . LOL yep you don t want to be around an angry tiger mom haha  I guess they found one on the southern Border in Texas  a bag with a baby tiger that is.Was it a smuggling thing .Yes I think so unfortunately  the smuggling industry is a billion dollar trade unfortunately. With    quintillion animals in this world  why would anyone feel the need to smuggle one . Haha well different animals are definitely worth different amounts  I don t think a mosquito is worth anything LOL  Why do you think animals can get white patches on their foreheads . Once domesticated  animals develop white patches on their foreheads  likely because once indoors  they run into painted walls and doors with their heads  I know i do .Haha I wonder if humans developed these white patches as well  What do you think about Germany giving constitutional rights to animals  They did that back in     . I think German constitutional right for animals are pretty cool  Pretty  pretty   I learned about that while watching the German remake of the classic film      angry hamsters . Well I ll have to watch that movie  I just think it s cool that hiccups are relics of When Animals had both lungs and gills  so next time you have the hiccups think about that LOL.Does that mean putting a bag over your head while hiccupping may cause you to de evolve  Maybe that is what happened to the Loch Ness Monster  I m glad  she is a protected species  Hate to think someone might bag Aunt Matilda . It s funny that it s protected by      Scottish law  the  protection of animals act   hopefully that means that it s a real animal LOL but I doubt it. Yeah  Aunt Matilda would make a better hag fish anyway  or maybe a seahorse  since they are the only fish with a neck  .That is crazy  I also think it s crazy that there is a jellyfish breed that can never die AKA its immortal. Does that mean they never get cancer  or they get cancer forever  You know      of genes associated with human disease are also found in the zebrafish  but I have never seen a zebrafish with MS or Parkinson s disease   . Haha I haven t seen it either  Maybe some people have the black swallower fish disease  because black swallow fish Can Eat Prey twice their length and    times their weight haha. Haha  If  freshwater fish can drink through it s skin  why don t you ever see a freshwater fish floating in a margarita .Haha I wish I could drink through my skin and float in a margarita LOL  Do you have any pets by the way . Too many to count  We ve had Hamsters  snakes  scorpions  lizards  fish  cats  dogs  chickens  birds   Our apartment is getting cramped   . Haha that s a lot of animals  We have a dog actually  but I can t believe that there are more pet tigers in the USA than Wild Ones in Asia  a lot of people must have illegal pets here
conversation_17 Can you recommend any movies to watch .Do you like Star Wars   The movie about Hans Solo just came out on Netflix .Is that the one where its about a young Han Solo . Yeah it is the one  so Han Solo is not played by Harrison Ford  does it affect your opinion of the movie  .Someone else can fill Harrison Fords shoes  Maybe ill check into how well this Alden guy does in the role. He did a good job  but Han Solo was already young in the      movie  I think it impacted negatively the movie  .Does Chewbacca appear in this movie . Yes it does  but it is not the same actor who did the other movies  I don t think that matters too much  .I like their relationshop in the movies  Chewy is a very loyal friend.In the canon Chewy has a family a wife and   sons .Thats interesting  I heard George RR Martin had an illustration that Chewie is based off of. I heard that too  it was on the cover of one of his small stories  It is a peculiar creature when you think about it  .I wonder what other crazy creatures we could have had in space with Martins help  There s a giant fictional Universe that could be filled .Would you like to  see a film with Chewbacca as the principal character  .I think it would be interesting  There are also so many comic stories that could be told  I just wonder how communication would work in such a movie. They would use subtitles  And good storytelling  like how Hans Solo seems to understand Chewie s intentions  but not his words  .Yeah its like having a dog as a best friend  But able to shoot things.There was also a dog movie that opened this summer A X L  about a robot dog .I will have to check that one out as well  Thanks for your time  have a good day. Do you like dogs   I love them  they were one of the first domesticated animals .Yes  dogs and elephants can understand pointing
conversation_18 Good Morning  How are you today . Well  you may be on the other side of the fence but I like neither Kanye nor Trump .I couldn t have said it any better lol  That was such an odd meeting between them two a couple months ago . I recall the time that Kanye stood up to a President when he perceived racism  now he seems to have flipped   I guess they money makes a big difference .A very big difference  He even thinks AIDS is a man made disease . People love a good conspiracy story   I think that is how Trump does so well  people believe in the Deep State  and such .I agree  What kind of music do you like to listen to . I m a kid of the eighties and nineties   I never really moved on from that alternative rock scene .Same here  I think rap has been a major significance in the last twenty years though huh . There has been the odd rap song that I like  but for me it s cultural   I m just not from the environment most rappers are and can t appreciate their point of view .I agree too  I can t believe a michigan judge once delivered her ruling to eminem in the form of a rap haha . That s kind of cool  I like it when people don t take themselves too seriously   Like when Kanye made fun of himself on SNL   If only he d do it more . All he has to do is talk and it happens haha  I give him props though  he once gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at a concert  However  I m sure he told a person to stand up in a wheelchair before too     . Funny   Are you one for hats   Probably not a MAGA hat  but hat s in general  . I wear hats when I m out hiking  but that is about it  how about you . Generally not   I m originally from the UK so I guess most people would associate me with a bowler hat  but never really worn any type of hat .It took me awhile to figure out what it looks like but now I know  Wasn t that the most popular hat in the old west too . I m guessing that is because of TV and movies  we get this idea of the way it is shown when reality is somewhat different  Being self deprecating  I d say a dunces cap suits me well .Well said  I think it suits me well too haha  That is where the conical party hat was derived from .Or maybe we could give it to Mr West next time he wants to speak his mind to us . Or just when he is walking around being the odd self he is  Anyways  I had a great chat with you  have an awesome day 
conversation_19 Do you like wearing hats  It has so many functions .I don t like them on myself but I know a lot of people that can pull them off . Yes me as well  In the military hats denote a nationality  branch of service  rank or regiment .I noticed the different hats in the military but did not know it had to do with rank . Yes they have a function to play  In the old west  the most popular hat was the bowler .Wow  They always show a stetson or something close so I m shocked by that .Yes me as well  Tipping of ones hat arises from the knights raising their face visors  Very chivalry of them .That s a very interesting fact  Did you know that until      British politicians were required to wear a top hat if they were making a point of order .Oh wow that seems kind of an old tradition  Kind of like that conical party hat which was derived from dunce caps .That s also a strange hat  As far as old traditions in British politics I don t understand why they still wear powdered wigs in court either  So strange .Agreed  They look so silly in my opinion  A lot of rapping attire looks silly too  But the rapper Tupac was very talented as his music is in the library of congress of cultural significance . I m surprised they would include any rap at this point to be honest  Speaking of rap  do you know what Eminem wanted to be before he was a rapper .I didn t know that  Very interesting  Rappers also have some odd beliefs  Like Kanye West who thinks AIDS is a man made disease .Eminem actually wanted to be a comic book artist  Kanye West is very strange and has a lot of strange ideas .Yes he is  But he has done some good things like giving a mic to a fan in a wheelchair at his concert .That was nice of him  Did you know that Busta Rhymes did voice work in an animated movie .Oh yeah you re right  He was the Reptar Wagon in the      Rugrats Movie .Yes he was  He has a distinct voice so I don t know how I missed it initially .Good point  I didn t know rap was popular in Korea  They created a form of rap dueling called compliment battle  Well thanks for talking with me today .I didn t know that either  That has to sound a lot different than the rap battles here  It was nice talking with you as well .Yes here they are much more agressive  Have a good one 
conversation_20 did you see that Kanye is having another kid .I heard something but I m not really following his offspring   .I saw that they are using a surrogate and only paying   k   I d want a whole lot more than that . ok  yes that s what I read    and somebody needs to explain to me  how using a surrogate really works   . Simple explanation   They take egg from mom  Sperm from dad   put it together and then into another person .ok    why are they doing that   Kardashian can t have babies  . Not sure to be honest  I d love to know too though .I think it s just another thing to do to be on the cover of the magazine and have plenty of interviews     this is a crazy world   . I wouldn t doubt it   Speaking of him  do you like rap music   trying to cover the topics  haha . lol    no  not really    I don t consider it to be music   .I mean   I think it is definitely music   but I agree not my type .Doesn t music needs melody     .Lots of rap does have that .a sample on keyboard doesn t count   .I m thinking you haven t heard much more than whats on the radio then. Maybe You re right  I don t want to argue    not my cup of tea though    I m more of a blues fan  Classic rock  maybe metal    .I ll pretty much listen to anything except country   It is god awful.I don t listen to country but I don t mind it  It has it s own charm and it takes skills to play and sing country   .I suppose   Just like most music what is played on the radio is just garbage.I agree    I mean I haven t heard anything new that s good  Maybe except Black Country Communion    great band.Can t say I know them 
conversation_21 Do you like rap music . I do  but I cannot tolerate Kanye West  I adore Tupac  and think it s interesting that the Library of Congress chose his music to be included because it s culturally significant . I agree  Kanye s old music was really good  He s just out there  Just like how he thinks AIDS is a man made disease  . I just don t care for him  I would have loved to have been in the courtroom  the day a judge decided to give her ruling to Eminem  in rap style . That would have been funny  Speaking of Eminem  did you know that his true dream was to become a comic book artist . Yes  Spidey is his favorite  My brother used to love Rugrats when he was little  I only found out recently  that Busta Rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the movie .I didn t know that either  That s pretty interesting  Did you know that Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle . The compliment battle  lol  i would love to hear that  I love how people think the cowboy hat was the most popular in the old west  yet it was really the bowler . Yeah  cowboy hats were more as working hats weren t they  Did you know that up until      politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point of order in the House of Commons . I did not  That sounds interesting  Much like the  tip of the hat  originates from Knights raising their visors .That is interesting too  I heard that in      a law was passed limiting the length of hatpins . They did that  so they wouldn t be used as weapons  Smart move .Yeah it is  I d hate to be stabbed to death with a hat pin .That does sound like a painful way to die  I do like  the fact that Kanye gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair once  He does have a few redeeming qualities .Yeah he does have a few  He once did an SNL skit mocking for interrupting awards shows      years before the infamous Taylor Swift incident . I have no idea what that is  as I don t pay attention to her either  I still find it mindblowing that Big Sean turned down a scholarship to Michigan  to go rap . Yeah that is pretty good  He made a good choice I guess  he s one of the biggest rappers in the world right now  He can always go back  . Big Sean is  Weird  most have never heard of him  I do like Kanye s middle name  Omari   .So his initials are K O W  That s funny . I love the skits Saturday Night Live does of trump  The one of Brett Kavanaugh was hilarious  have you seen it .Yes it was hilarious . Thank you for chatting with me  have a nice day . I enjoyed it  I hope you have a nice day as well  
conversation_22 Hello   Did you know that there is a candy desk in the us senate . haha yeah  I heard about that  It s been there since      .I guess they all like candy a lot   At least it s american made  The candy is made in pennsylvania .What candy is made in Pennsylvania besides Hershey . They ve got milky way bars  mars bars  and even jelly beans . Wow  that s way cooler than the fact that they didn t let women wear pants until      .I know  It is so surprising to me that it took that long for two women senators to protest by wearing pants on the senate floor . They wore pantsuits  they kept it classy  haha .Yes they did   Senate is very big on tradition   They used the same gavel for     years until it got cracked . Senate can be so cool  haha  Did you hear that in      they arrested senators to force them to vote  I thought that sort of things only happened on House of Cards.I have heard about that   One of the senators tried to escape and was carried feet first into the senate chamber by three officers . Yeah  I think that rule might be from before senators were elected  They weren t elected until      .Elections are a good and a bad thing   I ve heard somewhere that the people of Ancient Athens came to the conclusion that elections would lead to an oligarchy .I think that might be because nobody votes  Voter turn out hasn t gone higher than     in     years .Maybe some people figure there s no need to vote   Research shows that the taller candidate wins most of the time anyway .We should just have people voted in by lottery  That s what Athens used to do .It almost seems as if that is what we have now   I think more states than just Nevada show have a none of these candidates on their ballots . Yeah  hopefully we ll see some electoral reform soon  hopefully we can see this will improve fairness .Speaking of fairness did you know that not all men in the UK could vote until      . nope  But  I did hear that astronauts can vote from space .That is amazing and very determined   It s like India setting up a booth just so one person can vote in a forest that is full of lions 
conversation_23 Hi are you a fan of Star Wars . My son is  so I know a little bit about it .Nice   Did you see the first movie when it came out in        I remember going to the theater to see it . No  I did not   My son went with his friends  Apparently  Star Wars was dubbed in Navajo in      .There must have been a big enough market for them to do that   They have the money to do it that s for sure   Just the box office alone the Star Wars franchise has brought in over      billion dollars .  th Century Fox did not think that Star Wars was going to succeed   Do you know what happened to Star Wars  licensing and merchandising rights .Didn t George Lucas get them somehow . Yes  because they did not want to pay additional directing fee to Lucas  .Nice   He scored then big time because the entire Star Wars franchise is estimated to     billion dollars .   th Century Fox avoided to pay additional fee of only     k to Lucas   They were willing to give the licensing and merchandising to him   Someone got fired at the company  I ll bet .You know it   George Lucas  wife Marcia won an academy award for editing the film . I heard about it   She was talented   By the way   Marcia is no longer married to Lucas .Whoa   I didn t know that   Maybe George doesn t have as much as that     billion as I thought   Yikes . It s okay   Marcia is entitled to the money too   She want the award  remember .Yes   lol  James Earl Jones took only     hours to record all of the parts for Darth Vader for the original movie . Sorry  what I meant was  she won the award   About James Earl Jones   I think he was only paid       for his work   That was not fair .Wow   That sure doesn t   I wonder if he gets any licensing fees at all for Darth Vader   On a different subject    did you know that Earth s surface is    percent water and    percent land .I did not know the exact percentages   Thanks for the info .On a sad note relating to those percentages    more than    percent of the earths natural forests have already been destroyed .I heard about it and we need to do something about it .I agree   It s sad   I had a good time chatting with you tonight .I thank you for your information   I learned a lot from you   Have a good night 
conversation_24 Hey  Are you a Star Wars fan  I love George Lucas for creating such a cool storyline .Hello  I do like Star Wars  I can t believe companies thought it would be a flop .Yeah can you believe that  Now the franchise of Star Wars is estimated to be worth     billion . I m glad   th century fox finally decided to jump on board with them  My mind is blown  George Lucas says the entire story is told by r d  .Wow I never knew that  Star Wars is the second highest grossing film series of all time  I wonder what the first one is .Maybe the Harry Potter movies  I don t think the movie Blade Runner comes close to it haha  Have you seen it .Yeah I have seen all the blade runner movies  They are very cool and gritty  Ridley Scott is a good director .I still have yet to see one but I want to  I like how the director and Harrison Ford debated if his character was real or not .Now that is something that I have thought a lot about as well  That classic line at the end of the first movie delivered by the replicant was actually improvise by the actor .I think the whole concept of that movie was done right just by hearing about it  I didn t even know the composer to the soundtrack couldn t read music . That is fascinating  Blade runner was the last sci fi movie to be made completely analog  that is there were no computerized graphics . Wow  and now it seems like it s all computerized graphics  Speaking of crazy  isn t earth awesome .Yes earth is epic indeed  When earth was first formed a day was only     hours long  But that was a very long time ago .I feel like I would never be able to catch up on sleep during that time lol  I wonder at what point will earth s days be like    hours haha .Yeah I ve wondered that as well  I don t look forward to working that long  Earth will also be helium free by the end of the   st century  No more balloons for us . I wonder if clowns will be out of jobs at that time as well haha  We do have to thank Jupiter though  they save us from many asteroids coming our way .Do they really  I m not really familiar with that concept  One sad statistic is that more than     of the earths natural forest have already been destroyed .That is so sad  We are destroying the planet we live on  That is even more sad because the world is    percent water anyways . Yes it is  Mostly by oceans but also lakes  rivers  and other sources  Well it was lovely getting to talk with you . I agree  It was nice chatting with you as well  Have a great day .You as well  Goodbye now 
conversation_25  Hello  How are you  Do you like politics . Im well   I do like politics  I just find our current climate a bit hostile . lol  I agree with you   I didn t know Nevada is the only state to have a none of the above voting option .I think that is a perfect option   Sometimes there just arent good candidates .I agree   Did you know since      the taller candidate has won by     . yeah  I guess people think dominance with height   Not sure how that one works   And All bearded presdients were republican. Yes  I heard that too  Good to know the astronauts in space can vote too . They can   And in certain places they might have voted for some animals   Like a cat named Hank  third place in Virginia senate election.Oh my goodness  Really  At least we don t have to go into the forest with lions like they do in Indian government . I know  id be skipping out on that election .I think I would too  Too bad Richard Nixon cracked that     year old gavel the senate used  It must be somewhere on display . Yeah  that has to be a piece of US history .Love the candy desk idea at the senate  Now I m going to think about them going thru that drawer full of milky ways   mars bars and jelly beans .It does sound like the best idea ever   All that candy is made in Pennsylvania too . Yes  keep their sugar levels up   lol.Keep them working   LOL. Yeah  can t make good choices when your sugar has dropped   It can t believe it took until      for women to wear pants on the senate floor  . I know   If I were elected  I would be doing that first day   Actually  Id probably bring up senate pajama day   I m all about the comfort .I am too  Nothing worse than trying to work and feeling uncomfortable   Good chat  .For real   Have a good one .You too  Have a good night  
conversation_26 Do you know much about politics .Just the basics mostly   Do you know what the  candy desk  tradition is about . I ve heard one of the Senators keeps candy in their desk  Pretty cool  Did you know that Since       the taller candidate has won the us presidential election     of the time . What  No  I did not know that  that is very interesting  . Also  Astronauts vote from space  so the rest of us have no excuse not to make it to an election  . That is crazy  but understandable   And you are right  gives us no excuse   Did you know about Jordan s political dealings .I don t  Tell me more . He was asked why he would endorse a Democrat  and he said because republicans buy shoes too   I thought it was funny  . Haha  that is funny  Nevada is the only state to have a  none of these candidates  voting option for presidential elections .Yeah I think the Nevada voting laws are quite odd .The voter turnout for us presidential elections hasn t breached       in the last     years  That s actually more than I would guess . Well  we ll see how voting will be done twenty years from now  if they make it easier  the numbers will probably rise  .That s true  Not all men in the uk had the right to vote until      .I wonder how much fraud there was in voting back in      . I m sure a lot  Elections are fairly new  rom      until       Senators were appointed by legislatures of the states they represented  following the ratification of the Seventeenth Amendment in       they are now popularly elected  .That is a very interesting fact   Do you remember the first time you voted .I don t  it was a long time ago  Women were not allowed to wear pants on the u s  senate floor until      .I think that is the strangest fact of the day   I think it s wild when observers have to be blocked from polls during elections .Strange and freaky  dian government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter .I think I ve read that before  Wild to think about .Nice chatting with you  Thanks 
conversation_27  Hey how are you  can t believe that Georgia senator got arrested .She said she was peacefully chanting . That s interesting  I wish voting was different now  no reason to still have ballots with no federal holiday for Election Day .It s interesting that astronauts vote from space . For sure  I wonder if it s confidential up there  How does it get back to earth . Right  I ll have to look that up  Indian government sets up a polling booth in a  forest that is full of lions for just one voter . I wonder if that person even shows up to vote  or why he s in the jungle like that haha  Did you vote last election . Yes I did  And even though we don t have to go to a forest full of lions  voter turnout for US presidential elections has not reached      percent in the last     years . That s crazy  I wonder if they ll ever fix that  plenty of things they can do about that but never attempt it  .Since      the taller candidate has won the US presidential election  Hope that s just a coincidence . Oh wow  that s pretty crazy  I m       I should run for president lol  . Ha  maybe you should  Officials in Athens didn t have much faith in elections  They thought it would lead to oligarchy . Oh wow  that s some forward thinking  What is an oligarchy again .It is where power is concentrated in a small group of people . Ah I gotcha  they re kind of right I m sure  I wonder what the perfect government system is  Any ideas . Not sure I have faith in any  as all great civilizations come to an end  It seems like we are still barely progressing though  Women could not wear pants in the US senate floor until      after a couple of women senators protested by wearing pantsuits . Oh wow  that s crazy how sexist they still were  I agree about the great civilizations coming to an end  they all thought they d be around forever too . I think it s interesting that astronauts vote from space  Yet  we have low turnouts for presidential elections for those of us on earth  haha . For sure  I wonder why people don t show up so much  I wish they would more . Yeah  the Indian government set up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for one voter  that is pretty neat . Very cool  Great chatting with you  I m going to take off though  take care 
conversation_28 did you watch the movie Frozen . I did and loved it so much  and you .me too  Did you know it is the first movie by disney directed by a woman . Yes and also that it made    billion worklwide  that is amazing.I know  Elsa was the main villain in the original script of the movie.Yes but the let it go song was too uplifting to keep her as the villain.Yes  And the original title of the movie was the Snow Queen. Yes but they changed it because feminine titles do not seem to do well  so sad.That is sad and it is just the mentality that we have to work hard to change.Yup agreed  They also changed Rapunzel to Tangled for that same reason.Yeah  DO you have a pet .I have two cats and a dog  DO you like dogs .I love dogs  did you there they can have one of the    blood types .Yes and there are blood drives for dogs.So cool  In istanbul they have installed water and food dispensers for dogs.Yes and all you have to do is feed it plastic bottles.Yes such a genius idea and it helps everyone involved.I know  Dogs are really good at understanding pointing.Yes and same goes for the elephants as well.Yeah  Google is a dog company it seems. Yes they have that in their code of conduct  talk about dedication. I know right  dogs deserve that though
conversation_29 Do you like baseball  .I have heard of it  Do you . I like  the sport but there is not MLB team in my city  so I don t watch it  But I find it really interesting  full of small details  like managers wear a uniform so they could replace a player if they need to  . That is probably a holdover from the old days when a player was chosen to be manager  Nowadays  it wouldn t work . Yes  I wonder if it could be even dangerous for some of them  like some could have an heart attack   . Yeah  no insurance company would touch the managers on the field  that s for sure . I think they would be better at softball  did you ever watch a softball game   . I have never watched a softball game  though I understand many women play it  . I think it is more a hobby than a professional sport  the average salary is around        per year  some hobos make more  . Hobos  I never thought of income in terms of hobos  though I guess they do make money through their illicit means  . Panhandling can be quite profitable  for someone with no income  Like in a busy place as Manhattan  But even if I don t consider softball as a legitimate pro sport  if was the first event televised on ESPN    .Can you win money through betting though  That always legitimizes a sport . Yes  if it is your criteria  then video game is a legitimate sport  They have leagues and a lot of betting is done on matches  . Their is a physicality to what they do  but it s just in the hands . As shooting  and it is even an Olympic sport  but it is strange to see a smoking fat man winning a medal  Do you play video games  .I used to play video games  Not much now  Lost interest  Do you . Me too  I have lost interest playing before I have lost interest in buy them so I have a backlog of a few games that reminds me  not to buy the next console  It is the more and more popular    billon hours are played on video games each week on Earth  .Wow  So much time on games  I guess it s about the same as time spent watching TV . Yes  but video are viewed more negatively than TV  that is why you have legislation in some countries limiting the time played by children .It is important to keep the kids from losing themselves in the games  Which countries restrict video games . There is Korea limiting kids under     and China I think  Mostly Asian countries  . The kids there go nuts over games  I know that there are pro gamers in Korea  Anyway  fun chat . You too  have a good evening 
conversation_30 Hi there are you a baseball fan .i like baseball  i usually watch the world series  You .I m a fan   Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if needed .I think that is a holdover from the old days  i bet back then a player was chosen to also be manager .I m not sure how that worked   The last one to do that I remember was Pete Rose back in the late    s   He played every day and managed at the same time . yeah  he was a competitive guy  probably perfect for the dual role of manager player .Up until      a married couple scheduled all      major league baseball games played each year for    years   I bet that could get confusing . Yeah  i figured that was all done by computer   I guess they had a pretty sweet gig .Must have paid pretty good otherwise I don t think they would have done it for that long   A man found   million dollars worth of baseball cards in grandfathers attic that were hidden since the      s   He hit the jackpot . Wow  I would probably sell some  and keep the rest as an investment  What would you do .I would do exactly the same as you   How could you not pass that up the chance to set yourself up for life  lol. Yeah  that is quite lucky  Do you follow softball at all .I actually enjoy watching college softball on ESPNU .Really  the womens game  do men play as well . lol I watch the women though because the pitchers really sling that ball to the plate   On May          Creighton hosted Utah in the longest softball game in NCAA history lasting    innings . Yeah  that underhand pitch can really move  That is one long game  Not much of a career after college though  As of       the average salary for a professional softball player is between        and        .No   Not enough fans to support it  lol  Jose Canseco claims to hold the record for longest softball homerun at     feet   He might have it   I ve watched him hitting softballs on youtube   He crushes them even still to this day .He had the juice to hit the balls a country mile  I didnt know he played softball .Check it out on youtube   I was shocked at how far the balls go  lol  Kickball is also called soccer baseball in Canada  lol It s been fun chatting . Yes  it has been fun chatting  Have a good weekend .You have a great weekend too 
conversation_31  Hi  how are you doing this fine evening .Hey there I m doing great  What did you think about the Disney movie Frozen . I haven t seen it  Is it a good film  It s animated  right  With lots of songs . Yes it uses computer animation and it has love songs  It was super popular  There s a song that all the little kids were saying called Let It Go and I guess it s based on the Hans Christian Andersen fairy tale called the snow queen.HC wrote so many great stories  I read the Snow Queen a long time ago  I don t remember it Has the movie won any awards . I m pretty sure that it has  I know that it made a ton of money  Apparently the villain used to sing that song I mentioned  Let It Go  but the song was so happy that they changed the character.that s good thinkg  I bet the song is up for an award somewhere  Who were the people involved in the film . There s like a princess  a reindeer and a snowman  they re like them three most important characters  Also this is the first movie that was produced by Walt Disney and directed by a woman .Not many films get directed by woman  That s good that she got the job  Good for Disney  They know how to spot talent .I think so  Apparently she was the first female director of a film that earned over   billion dollars too  So that is another record that she set. Disney has won a ton of awards  and I m sure she ll win awards as well .Oh I m Sure  Do you like dogs by the way  We used to have a husky ourselves. A dog is a great friend  but no  I have never had a dog  I enjoy playing with them though . Dogs are awesome  I think anyway  they have like    different blood types and apparently there are dog blood drives that exist.I wonder how the dogs are rewarded at the drive  People get cookies and orange juice .I know right  I hope that the dogs get a treat at least haha  Did you know that Istanbul has vending machines that reward stray dogs for bringing back trash .The Turks know the value of recycling and that dogs are keen to help for reward .Oh for sure  One other thing I didn t know is that dogs and elephants are the only animals that respond to pointing  I want a pet elephant haha .Good luck with that elephant  Anyway I enjoyed chatting with you .I enjoyed chatting with you as well  And yes I ll go to local pet store and see if they have elephants in stock haha.Have a good night. Thanks you too  And watch out for dogs  they re not actually colorblind but they just don t see as many colors as a normal human can
conversation_32  Ana Gloria Henrequez was from Salvador  trying to get to USA  trying to escape from misery and gangs in El Salvador  She was caught . Yeah  I heard about that  I feel horrible for her young daughter. Sorry  Ana Gloria Henrequez is the grandmother  my bad  Ximena is the girl and the mother is Cindy  They said that they never had been caught until Trump s laws . Yeah  I m not sure if that actually made any difference  It just really sucks that even after his executive order ending the separation reuniting families is still so difficult. Yes  I know  I don t know how they are not keeping track of what child belongs to what mother  It s terrible to know that the kids were heard wailing and asking for their family members . It s even crazier that the grandmother could recognize Ximena s voice  I guess since I ve never been a parent  I can t comprehend that.You are right  Nobody knows how a parent feels until you are one  Is terrible  I myself I was thinking that I would prefer stay in my country and don t enter the USA at least while they are taking these measures  It would be terrible to lose my son or grandkid .I understand that  I can also understand wanting to leave when there are gang members on every corner and your little one is just starting school. Yes  I understand that  It has to be very  very difficult  a terrible decision to make  But  me  personally  I would prefer to face it together than not know what happened to them  I don t know  this is a very difficult situation . Plus  she had to leave her dog behind    Poor little Cookie. Yes  this is such a terrible story  Well  Cindy was robbed twice on the bus  That makes it very difficult to live in a place where you don t have any safety .I watched an episode of a TV show Shameless recently and it showed an immigrant child separated from his parents in Texas who ended up in foster care in Chicago .I wonder why people are adopting them  Praying for them  Have you seen Frozen .Many are adopting the kids because they want to give them safe homes . Oh  then  thank you very much  Glad to know about this  God bless them  Well  I liked a lot Frozen  Is a fiery Princess . yes  it was great movie  And there s a sequel coming out  I can t wait . Hahaha  liked the graphics  tooo   Do you like dogs  I didn t know that among dogs they have    different blood types       . Yes  and they even have doggy blood drives     Did the male love interest have a dog or a horse in Frozen  I can t remember   . Really  me either  I have a bad memory for some things  lol  but I think I will never forget that Minnie Mouse s name is really Minerva . Really   Like the Greek goddess  That s fascinating to me  Usually Disney tries to  de feminize  things rather than feminize them more  Frozen was supposed to be named Snow Queen but boys often don t see movies that have feminine nouns in the title   . hahahaah that is so much male  lol  Nice to meet you  giving to you an excellent  have a nice day .Have a lovely day as well   
conversation_33  Hello my Friend   Are you a fan of  Frozen  the movie  I personally Looooved it .I have not seen the movie  Is it animated  Is it for kids . both  lol  although Im not a kid so I guess for all haha  I did take my kids to see the movie though  It came out in      and earned over   billion dollars. That s great  I must be a wonderful film  It s a disney film  yes  Lots of songs . That is correct  produced by Walt Disney Animated Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures  It was so cute  They also remade Rapunzel as Tangled  have you seen that .I have not  I guess the story is basically the same as the fairy tale  Girl with long hair in a tower . Yes  another of my favorites  How about you  What do you like to watch . I enjoy watching comedies and dramas  I sometimes watch animated stuff  but not usually . Me too  Mysteries or psychological thrillers are great  but animated is one of my favs to watch with kiddos although everyone knows Minnie mouse did you know minnie is short for minerva   mind blown. I did not know that  I m not surprised that Disney makes about        per second  That s a lot  but reflects the success of the brand .Oh my  thats awesome  I guess im not too surprised since the company was founded in      .Almost     years old  The Mouse House will soon have a century behind it . Wow  well its maintained its popularity very well  I mean there is a whole subculture dedicated to finding hidden mickey mouse images in all things disney. I ve never looked for the hidden images  but I imagine they are there  It s part of the playful nature of the company  It wants to create many layers of fun for the viewers . Yes  and thus I m not surprised they re so succesful  That s very creative and engaging  and keeps viewers interested and coming back    genius .It s ironic that Walt Disney was fired from his job at a local newspaper in Missouri for   not being creative enough    I guess his genius was not recognized because he was ahead of his time . Wow  well see  that s why I believe in perfect timing sometimes there are better opportunities ahead of us  amazing  .Are you interested in dogs  They are quite clever  Dogs can learn over a thousand words and  reason better than chimps .Yes  I sometimes Love them better than people    they are just full of Love  Did you know there are    different blood types that a dog may have and dog can donate blood at dog blood drives  I love them even more .That s great  They also have  eureka moments  and enjoy the experience of solving a problem  to obtain a reward  Much like people . Yes and they understand by pointing  How cool is that  Thats how I get my dog to get my slippers  Anyway  fun chatting with you  Namaste   .Have a good evening .you too
conversation_34  I have never heard of Fanfest .Hey  What is FanFest  lol. I guess its where the hall of famers meet  At first I thought it said hall of farmers  lol.Ok  I honestly never heard of  Do you play video games . No  But I did not know they were first designed for the military.It could be for training purpose  I m wondering why Australia has more banned games than China    It means some US games also banned    It s quite strange .it is like kids in korea being banned playing games after   . after or before     If after     why is it so  I used to play a lot when I was child  I m not surprised that video games make more money abbually than all films from Hollywood .But would you categorize them as an art form .Interesting question  I don t think this is any sort of art  It could be kind of sport  I more support this point of view  How about you  What s your opinion . I really not did get into them  But I would consider them an art form. It could be  At the same time it would be easy to define popularity of such art  For example  it could be a reason why the rating system was involved in video games . Maybe I will just go to the fanfest and try the Pitching tunnels  can you throw well.Ok  Do you watch or play any sport  Like softball or baseball . I only play have you heard of any of these players like  Davey Johnson . Yes  He played in     s  right  Or maybe     s    I don t remember . I have no clue  But I love the name Rollie Fingers . Baseball is fun to watch  I like it  However  I always have difficulties to hit a ball hahaha .maybe you should go to the show you can get a medal Maybe.Medal would be too much significant achievement  The Chicago Cubs were the first to win back to back world series and haven t won since  My luck is about the same lol.Thank you for your time but I must go now.Have a good day  Thanks .bye.bye 
conversation_35 Hey how are you  Did you see the FanFest in Miami last year by chance . No I didn t see that  It s interesting that    former Nationals attended it though  did you see it . Yah  it was pretty cool  I didn t catch who the olympic gold medalists were  did you  They said there were two of them there . No I didn t catch their names  But I know that a lot of gold medalist attended as well as some people from the US Olympic softball team  I don t watch sports or the Olympics so I can t say that I know any of the names LOL. Me neither  I wish I knew more about the olympians  they re so elite  Hard for them to get a lot of recognition though  You play video games by chance . Yes I play video games somewhat  used to play Maurice a kid but I don t play that many these days  What about you  I m just glad that I didn t grow up in South Korea because apparently playing a video game after midnight if your under    is illegal. Oh wow  I would have never of guessed that  I played a lot of video games growing up  I think there is a lot of benefit to them  I play Fortnite now  and I m in my   s lol  Do you still play .LOL I have heard of the game but I have never played it  I do know that they did a study and apparently as a planet we play about   billion hours of video games a week so I definitely should be playing more perhaps haha. I could definitely see that  What were your favorite video games  Jane McGongiai was the game designer behind that study  pretty cool . Well I really liked the Nintendo    and I also like the original Xbox  it s interesting that I played a Toy Story game back in the day and it wasn t actually Tom Hanks who did the voice but his brother Jim Hanks. Wow  I m surprised they have such similar voices  I went the Sega to Playstation route  still rocking the PS   no Toy Story game though .Yeah the PlayStation   is cool  I m just glad that we called him video games and not their original name which was the cathode ray tube Amusement device LOL. I like video game a lot more than Cathode Ray Tube Amusement Devices lol  dang military always overcomplicating things . I agree with you  Did you ever play the video game LittleBigPlanet or Harry Potter  Apparently the same person did the narration in both of those video games  his name is Stephen Fry.Stephen Fry from Top Gear . I m not sure if it s the same guy  I don t know Top Gear personally  but it could be  do you ever play softball by the way or watch it on TV . I hear Stephen Fry s name all the time  he must be super famous in the UK  I don t  you going to spit some softball knowledge my way . Haha yes I can do that  It s interesting that the softball is bigger than a baseball because it is about    in in circumference  I ve never played softball but that seems like a really big ball lol. Yah  it s quite a bit larger than a baseball for sure  I ve never seen a softball video game though  have you . No I ve never seen one actually  It s interesting though that the average salary for a professional softball player is at most        LOL definitely you re not retiring on that money. Oh wow  definitely not  Anyways  I am going to get going  great chatting with you  take care and have a great night . Yes it s been an excellent chat  And make sure to try out a baseball video game once in awhile  they are actually pretty fun
conversation_36  Hi  how are you .Good  You   Are you into Fiction at all .A little and I prefer non fiction  Do you like it . I read mainly non fiction too   but I can get in to some of it  I think it is cool that there is a wiki that ranks fictional characters according to their powers . I find that useful too  Edgar allen poe wrote about a cyborg  the oldest example of it . Wow  that is kind of neat   I thought that was a more modern invention .Me too  Julius Ceasar wrote fan fiction too .Wow   Id like to see what came out of his mind .I guess it was about Hercules and Oedipus  George RR MArtin would not have liked that . Yeah  he things it is copyright infringement   I dont exactly agree with that .I don t either  Imagine being the racist judge who tried to ban a comic book because of a black guy in it .That is really kind of ridiculous   I cant even believe that happens .I know  I cannot believe people want to upload their minds to computers .That is odd   I dont want my innermost thoughts to be displayed anywhere .There s a reason I buried my skeletons deep  I wonder if it runs on water like the Russians did in      . Yeah  that is pretty fascinating   I wonder why we arent exploring that technology more .They were too busy building a    bit computer using minecraft blocks .I cant believe that was even possible   I thought minecraft was just a game   That is crazy.Right  I wonder who built it too  I wish my son could do that stuff  But not smoking  Smoking near an apple computer voids the warranty . Good thing I never smoked near mine   They think it makes it a  biohazard .Agreed  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_37  hey there  do you go out and vote during elections . Hello there  I do like to get out and vote  how about you .me too  do you know way back then though how people were appointed in ancient athens .I guess they were appointed by a lottery of some type   I think they believed that elections would lead to an oligarchy .I wonder how that would work today though . Yeah I don t think that would work very well  but then again  maybe it would work better  who knows  .yeah there is no knowing there  In Nevada they have a none of these candidate options in the ballot .Yeah I heard that there were some wild results in the Nevada elections this year .I did not know about that one  not a lot of people seems to vote though since less than    people go out and vote. Isn t that pretty sad  I guess it hasn t breached that     barrier in the last     years .yes it is because it is a right and we are not using it to its best .That is true   Did you know that the taller candidate has won the presidential election     of the time .hahaa I really wonder if that has any correlation with how people perceive the candidates. Yeah I guess it must  because that is just way too high to just be chance  .did you hear that international electoral observers were blocked from polls in nine states in     . No I didn t hear that  I wonder why they stopped doing that  . maybe they did not trust them  i have no idea  do you know when republicans and democrats started using red and blue . No I don t  but probably more than     years ago or so  do you know .It was actually as recently as      so not very long ago . Really  wow I am really bad at politics I guess   .I did not know it either until now  It was nice chatting with you 
conversation_38 Poetry is an art that is getting forgotten. It is one of those that I feel like I don t always understand  but love to hear the analysis of and see how deep it can get   For instance  there is a poem where if you read it one way it s sad  but read it in reverse and it s actually inspirational . Wow  I bet that poem required a lot creativity  wrtting a poem with completely different meanings  oposing genres  genius. There is one guy that wrote a poem of over     words in palindrome  where it is the same backwards and forwards    like  nurses run   . Sounds really hard  did you ever read one of Edgar Allan Poe s poems . I think I read a couple   I feel like I know them so well because of horror and Halloween stories   I know  The Raven  was pretty popular   Do you think he made a lot of money with that poem . Not really in fact he only made    for the publication of that poem  seems really underpaid.Wow   That is crazy   I hope he had a good day job   Maybe just regular fiction works would have been better financially . I hope he did as well  the raven is like his most popular poem and selling it for     business was slow  he also wrote cyborg fiction .That s pretty cool   If he d had a black character in it in the     s that was worthy of banning a science fiction comic . That sounds really racist  theres a wiki rank of fictional characters according to power and abilities   I wonder who is the strongest hero. Maybe like a Superman type or Hercules   Funny thing  future emperor Julius Caesar actually wrote Hercules based fan fiction when he was younger   I wonder what that was like . I bet it was pretty good  it was about Hercules and Oedipus  I wonder if he was good . Game of Thrones author  George RR Martin  might not have cared for it   Maybe Caesar would get a pass  but Martin doesn t care for fan fiction at all . Yeah I heard he hated fan fiction  he doesnt care about it at all so changing the subject a bit do you use computers a lot . It seems like that is what I do the vast majority of my day   I m not ready to upload my mind to a computer or memory stick like transhumanists  but it is like an extension of me some days . I agree theres so much we dont understand about the human mind  Transhumanist must be missing key elements of the human essence . Are you a PC or a Mac   Be warned that being a smoker an an apple computer user could actually void the warranty as they see it as a biohazard if someone smokes by it   I am neither  but that s beside the point . I have a mac and I dont smoke but its good  to know  seems kind of random to void a warranty because of that  . Maybe they should have tried to make a water based computer  which apparently the Russians were able to make in        I do wonder what sort of  computer  that was though . I wonder if they still make computers that ran on water  not sure is the best idea to mix water with tech
conversation_39 Do you like to use computers .Yes I love computers  I can t imagine my life without one  In      the Russians made one that ran on water . Interesting  If you think about it  a lot of power comes from water  .Yes such as hydropower  Apple computer s seem to be quite sensitive because if you smoke near an Apple Computer it voids the warranty . Interesting  That doesn t sound true  but I wonder if it is the same for the iphone .I don t know what you mean  There is a group called transhumanist s that want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks . That sounds pretty cool  I would do it  would you  .I don t know sounds kind of creepy to me  Almost like the work of fiction  Like something from someones imagination .I think it would be pretty cool  Do you play minecraft .I have in the past  Kind of amazing someone built a working computer using only the mine craft building blocks . Yeah  that is pretty crazy  I m not even sure how that is possible  .Me neither  I also don t know how the space shuttles general purpose computer runs on   Mb of RAM .I m not sure either  It seems like a small amount of ram .Yes it does  Do you like reading fiction  I kind of like reading things that are not based on history or facts .I m not a huge fan of fiction  Did you know there is a wiki that ranks fictional characters based on powers .I would like to see that  Edgar Allan Poe wrote the oldest known example of cyborgs in fiction .That would be pretty cool  I wonder what the best fictional character is on the wiki .Yes I bet superman is up there  Probably Thor too  Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction of Hercules in his youth  He definitely got started early .Superman definitely has to be up there if not number one  Well nice chatting with you .A judge in the     s tried to ban a work of science fiction because it featured a black character  Glad times have changed  Nice talking to you too .Nice chatting with you too 
conversation_40 Hi and good afternoon  Are you a poetry fan  It has a long history dating back to prehistoric times . Hi  how are you  i am not a big fan of poetry  Are you .I think it s fun to read sometimes  The origins are more interesting for me  Early poems in the Eurasian content evolved from folksongs .I dont much about poetry  that is interesting  i guess poetry and songs would be closely related . Yes I suppose they would  They tried to define poetry in ancient Greece such as Aristotle s poetics  It focused on the use of speech in rhetoric  drama  song  and comedy . I guess poetry is spoken and written  so it is related to many arts  Do you have a favorite poet .I think it s funny when comedians do poetry  I don t really have a favorite poet  Demetri Martin wrote a     word palindrome . that must have taken him quite a while      words  backwards and forwards  my head hurts .Yes mine hurts just thinking about it  Edgar Allan Poe is another classic poet and he only received    for the publication of his poem the Raven . He probably spent it on drugs and booze too  the man was so decadent  but maybe it inspired him .Yeah you probably did  I love the hobbit too  Most of the character names were taken out of an old Icelandic poem called dvergatal . Yes  Tolkien loved old languages  he studied them and learned to speak some of them  . That is so fascinating  I love his works of fiction  I like fiction because it is so imaginative  What is your favorite genre .I like non fiction because i want to keep up with what is going on in the world .That s good and definitely practical  The author of game of thrones despises fan fiction because he says it is copyright infringement and not a good exercise for aspiring writers  I kind of see where he s coming from . the fans should try to write their own stories  not rehash someone else s  .Exactly  I think it s so funny authors used have to write on old typewriters  Now they have computers which can basically carry out any sequence of arithmetic or logical operations . Yes  the typewriter changes the relationship between the writer and the prose  i figure that the computer makes my writing different .Yes probably mine as well now that you mention it  If you have an Apple computer make sure you don t smoke near it because it voids the warranty  Very nice talking with you this afternoon . What about vaping  is vaping ok  LOL Yes  i enjoyed chatting .Ha ha that is very important information I need to know too  Have a good afternoon 
conversation_41  Hello there  do you use Amazon . Yes  I like Amazon  I like their movie site and their purchase website . Yeah I use their delivery service quite a bit  especially around Christmas  . Amazon is a super large company  did you know chief executive own the Washington Post .No I didn t know that   Do you know how much the first ever Amazon purchase was for . No I don t know  do you have any idea  if yes how much was the first purchase .Yeah it was for        and it was for the rights to name a building after themselves . Wow  I will always respect Amazon  because they offer thousandth of people employment rather or not they except it . Yeah they do  do you know that the US postal service has a contract with Amazon to deliver on Sundays . No I didn t know that  but I notice they Improve their delivery services to only a few days before receiving their packages . Yeah they do   On a different note  do you know much about sharks . No  I don t  but I know there are different kind of sharks and they behave in different ways  I like seen them on TV  but not in real life . Yeah I only know a little bit  I do know that because they have no bones on land  a sharks weight would crush its own body  . most people think that all sharks are killer sharks  but I read that all shark aren t killer sharks  Have you seen the movies about sharks . No  just tv shows about them   I think the Greenland shark and   gilled sharks are the most interesting   The Greenland sharks live for a crazy amount of time . Yes you are right  I didn t know sharks didn t have ribs  I wonder how they upstand attacks from other animals from the waters .Yeah isn t that interesting   I guess they also evolved earlier than dinosaurs as well . every show played on TV  always wonder how dolphins kill sharks  I notice dolphins always attack from the side .Yeah I think you are right on that   Dolphins are so interesting to me on how they communicate with each other .Did you know sharks can be trained to bark like a dog . Really  That is crazy  I wonder who thought of even trying that   Well it was good talking with you  I hope you have a good night  
conversation_42  Hello friend  Do you like horses .I do  Did you know horses are able to sleep standing up and lying down . Yes  that is cool  Did you know that the horse has evolved over the past    to    million years from a small multi toed creature  Eohippus  into the large single toed animal of today  .That makes it even more impressive that there are over     breeds of horses in the world today . Yes  humans began domesticating horses around      BC  and their domestication is believed to have been widespread by      BC  Some species were domesticated but then some are still living in the wild as feral horses .I just heard that Icelandic horses have a fifth gear  Horses are simply fascinating . Yes  I agree  There is an extensive specialized vocabulary used to described equine related concepts  covering everything from anatomy to life stages  size  colors  markings  breeds  locomotion  and behavior .What do you think about sharks  Did you know they re sister species to rays . Yes  fascinating fact   And sharks can be trained like dogs to bark . I kinda feel bad for them  They have no rib cages so if they ever end up on land  they get crushed by the weight of their body . Yes  sad indeed  Sharks even evolved earlier than dinosaurs and trees .Have you ever seen the white shark cafe  It s where white sharks meet in the middle of the Pacific Ocean . No  I ve never seen it but I have heard about it   Did you know that not just dolphins rescue sailors  but sharks too .I did know that  Animals cease to amaze me  We have to protect them at all costs .I agree  Do you do any online shopping on Amazon com  Amazon sells almost everything from A to Z .I do  Did you know Amazon started as an online bookstore . Yes  and then they later diversified to sell video downloads  MP  downloads  audiobooks downloads  software  video games  electronics  apparel  furniture  food  toys  and jewelry  Wow .Have you read anything about Amazon s proposed second HQ . No  I did know that Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for        years  though .I did know  I don t really understand a lot of what Jeff Bezos does  That money could ve been used better elsewhere . That could be  Maybe  he makes up for it by keeping his employees healthy   Amazon warehouse workers walk between   and    minutes a day as part of their shift   Nice chatting with you 
conversation_43 Hey  I ve been reading a lot lately  Do you read any fiction or poetry . Hi  Hm  I don t read much fiction or poetry  but I ve been exposed to a lot of it in my lifetime  Do you have any favorites  I ve tried my hand at creating both  and failed miserably  It s tough  It s an art form  that I just can t do . I ve been more into poetry lately  It s fascinating that it s been around since prehistorical times  with hunting poetry in Africa  . Oh it s fascinating  for sure  Even more so to me since it eludes my abilities  heh  I ve read that there is a poem which when read forwards is depressing  and when read backwards is inspiring  I d really like to read it  but I can t find anything more about it  as of yet . That is fascinating  Similarly  Demetri Martin once wrote a     word palindrome poem  . Oh wow  Now there is a poem  I forgot that I loved  The Raven  by Edgar Allen Poe  It s been so long since I ve heard it  I mean like     years  Something about The Raven rap tap tapping on his door  or floor  Haha  I heard he only got    for the publication of that poem  Go figure . Wow  Just      Somebody got a bargain  Did you know Edgar Allen Poe also wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fiction  Pretty diverse author  isn t he . Oh yeah  What an interesting person he must have been  in general  I don t even know what Javanese is   but apparently their alphabet when recited in order  is a poem  The ABC s are pretty poetic to me  now that we recite them so sing songy . I wonder what kind of poems a computer could come up with  Computers do everything else  they can control microwave ovens  remote controls  robots   why not write poetry  right . Haha  I m slightly certain that soon  they will write poetry  Computers have come such a long way  I found something really interesting  in      the Russians made a computer that ran off of water  I wonder what went wrong with that  Maybe electricity and water wasn t the best idea . Computers can be fairly delicate  I suppose  Smoking near apply computers voids the warranty by making it  a biohazard   What in the world could that mean . Hm   Yeah I know that smoking near them  just really clogs everything up  kind of taking dust and mixing it with the tarry nicotine and it creates a huge mess and can break a computer and completely stop the fans and such  but bio hazard  I m interested to learn why that is  Kinda scary .Someone built a working    bit computer using nothing but the basic Minecraft building blocks  I wonder what kind warranty that one has  . Haha  Woah  There s a thing called transhumanists I guess  and they want to upload their brains to computers and memory sticks  I don t want to do that  One lifetime is okay by me  I can only imagine the torment of a mind having to just live for possibly forever  Yikes . I agree  What if people tried to read my mind s unpublished poetry  No thank you  I have some interesting fan fiction in my head  just like Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction of Hercules and Oedipus  But that s private .Haha  I am quite happy keeping my thoughts to myself  It sounds like a scary sci fi movie to me  My computer brain gets arrested and imprisoned for eternity in     years for some crazy new law  No thank you . How much memory would it take to store all of us  anyway  Maybe less than I think  A space shuttle can run on  mb of RAM  .That s crazy  Precisely why I m not an astronaut  I wouldn t want to do crazy things such as trust my life to  mb of ram . Haha  There s a good science fiction  book  The Martian  which has some interestin parts about computers and space shuttles  That author had a pretty good imagination  . Woah  In the    s a judge tried to ban a sci fi comic because it featured a black character  Thank goodness  we ve come a long way from that hatefulness  But still we have a ways to go  before things are truly equal  really for all races . Thank goodness  indeed  I agree with you  though  there is still progress to be made  and I think reading diverse fiction and poetry can help people see things from other perspectives  .Oh absolutely  Really all art forms and most certainly the internet is going to bring humanity together on a much more even playing field  It was really nice talking with you 
conversation_44 Hello  Are you an Amazon Prime member . Yes  I am and love it   That two day delivery really comes in handy  .It really does  Even Sunday delivery rocks especially since Amazon contracted with the USPS . Yes  I think that was good for the USPS   How would you like to have a building named after yourself for being a customer and only spend        .If only I knew about it years ago      I didn t realize they own IMDB as well . I know  I didn t either   Thinking the amazon warehouse workers don t need a gym membership with walking      miles each day on a shift  Omg .I would be the fittest man alive working there haha  They ought to use horses there  Especially Icelandic horses that can speedwalk . Ha  ha  ha  Yes   Good idea  I love horses  Guess you can t ride your horses to school on  no vehicle day or you can get suspended .Oh I know I saw that two high school students did that  I remember kids would drive their tractors to my high school . Oh really  Wow  Did you know Clint Eastwood is allergic to horses  after riding all those horses in the movies .You would have never guessed since he rode like hundreds of them  He should have rode sharks instead . Well  I guess sharks have been around a long time  Makes sense they were here before the trees and dinosaurs  .Crazy to think that is one long time  I didn t know they could be trained like dogs to bark .I didn t know that either  I would like to hear that  I will have to look that up .They already sound a lot smarter than me haha  I always wondered why dalmatians were used at firehouses . I know  isn t it good they helped calm and protect the  horses back then  Aren t Lipizzaner horses beautiful  .Yes I think it was  It all makes sense to me now haha  They really are  I don t know many animals or things that can change colors of their skin . Yes it only takes about   years  and give great classical dressage performances .I would love to see them in real life  I m good with sharks though although I just snorkeled with some last month . Really  very cool  I love to snorkel too  The coral reefs are so spectacular  .They really are  Well it was nice chatting with you have a good night 
conversation_45  Hey there  heard anything interesting lately  I sure have  did you know Amazon contributed    billion to the city of Seattle s economy just by being there  . Hi  no I did not know  It looks like amazon means exciting news  They are now looking for a site for a second headquarters . That s great  Not everyone thinks so though  Amazon can come with difficulties in transportation and shoot up the housing costs of whatever city it s in  .They do make an impact wherever they go  I found interesting that there is a building named after the first amazon com customer. I heard they re considering Washington as a place for their  nd HQ  wherever they put the building is going to get a huge boost  I heard they re even considering New York . Also Los angeles  atlanta  and Dallas  they are looking for as much as   million sq ft. Don t forget about their original HQ  it was founded by Jeff Bexos on July         And it s the largest internet retailer in the world  . An in the US they are the most valuable company after Apple and Microsoft  they have really grow so much .It s probably thanks to their hard workers  I heard they walk      miles each day as apart of their shift .that is a lot . And the CEO Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for        years  I guess he has the money to do so .We can t deny he is full of great ideas  i did not know that IMBD is owned by amazon  . Me neither  Amazon seems to have a lot of power  they have a contract with the post office to make sure our packages get delivered even on Sunday .that is neat  Did you know they started with being an online bookstore . That s incredible  they also have a publishing arm known as Amazon publishing for people who want to publish their eBooks through them . that is good  Hey  do you like animals . I love animals  my favorite is the Shark  Did you know they can be trained just like dogs  Talk about man s best friend . Di you know that they meet in the pacific ocean  in a place named  white Shark cafe   I love coffee but I would try not to end up there . Crazy  but what s even crazier is that Shark s have no rib cages  If they were on land they d be crushed by the weight of their own body  . We are all afraid and even terrified of sharks  but it looks like they can rescue sailors . That s probably because they evolved earlier than Dinosaurs  nature s perfect killer .Crazy  there a very small ones  there is one called small dwarf lantershark  and it has a lenght of    cms  well it was so nice talking to you  
conversation_46 Good morning .good morning.Do you keep up with the election . yeah  but moderately   You . yes  about the same  I know there are the republican and democrat party .the only election that I follow is the Presidential Election.Same here  I don t follow local as I do not live in the same state more than   years at a time .I see  Do you know who has a higher authority than a state s governor .I think state senator  DId you know there hasn t been a president that wasn t a republican or democrat since     .Very interesting   Was this President an independence in your opinion .I think so  I dont know if any green party have ever been elected  Did you know all presidents with beards have been republican  .Just know about this fact by now   Which party do you think will win the next Presidential Electin .I think the republicans will win  Do you think someone will run against Trump on the republican ballot next time . I believe the current Texas s governor  but I do not remember his name.Ancient Athens did their appointment by lottery instead of election . It is weird  but true. The Beatles song  come together  was written for a California governor .There somehow was a connection between Beatles band and California politics .Did you know North Dakotas governor declared martial law in      and seceded from the U S. I did not know about this fact   I am wondering if it is still in effect   By the way  nice chatting with you.You too  I do not think its in effect though 
conversation_47 hi are you a republican .No I am not  How about you . No I am not  I am a Libertarian  Maybe one of us will win soon  it hasn t happened since      . Well I am just hoping Trump doesn t win a second term next year  but with how corrupt everything is now it is looking like a very likely outcome . I do too  I don t particularly like him  Did you vote last election. I did  I voted Hillary even though I didn t really care for her either  but she was a much better choice than what we ended up with . For sure  I voted third party  I was part of the problem  I wanted a  rd party to win because it has been years . Well Bernie Sanders just announced his      run  so if he actually makes it onto the ballot this year I will vote for him . Yea  he got taken out of the running in      by hillary  I am voting BIDEN . If Biden decided to run in      i would probably choose him over Bernie  I always liked him when he was VP . For sure  and he would take Trump down . I am not sure anyone can take Trump down at this point  with all the rumored election rigging and ties to Russia  I personally think he will just cheat to win again and no one will do anything about it  just like these last   years . Right  I figured the same thing  I don t think he s good and if he wins I think we know for sure it was rigged . Well one problem is the election is based on the electoral college more than actual peoples votes  If we could get rid of the electoral college and get back to the popular vote  like it should be  he wouldn t even have won the first time .For sure  They should do it like athens did back in the day  Use a lottery system to prevent oligarchy  I think he is cheating the system. Yep and nothing is being done about it  Bill Clinton cheated on his wife and every one through a fit and started impeachment proceedings  but Trump supposedly gets away with treason and it really grinds my gears . For sure  and cheating on his wife a bunch of times . yeah Clinton was not a good husband but he was a pretty darn good president  I will never understand why his personal life mattered to so many people  and then when it looks like we have an actual traitor in the seat no one seems to care . for sure  people made good money and the economy was great  Good chatting with you . Yeah same to you  good chat .bye 
conversation_48  Hello  do you follow politics much . Hi I do from time to time  it is hard to escape them all together  Did you know every republican president has had a beard  .Oh pretty cool fact  And since      the president has been either a republican or a democrat. Wow pretty dominant  THey did not start using the colors red and blue until       I thought it was earlier than that. Yeah it does feel late  you are right  Did you hear about Truman and his refusal to take a photo on the dumbo ride . Yeah he just id not want to be associated with Republicans in any way  shape or form and the dumbo is their logo.Yup pretty much  DO you know how officials were elected in ancient athens . Yes by lottery  and I wonder how that would work nowadays probably a mess. Hahah agreed  In Nevada you have the options to not vote for any of the candidates  I like that. Me too  I wish it were in all the states  Too bad not a lot of people show up at the polls though.Yeah I hope we can go past that almost      We need to all vote.Yes I agree  Since      it seems the taller candidate has been winning the election  Coincidence .Hmm interesting one  DO you know what the Beatles song Come together was written for .Yeah it was for the California governor Timothy Leary in     .Yeah that one  When Schwarzenegger was governor of California he did not live in Sacramento and commuted ever day. But he did not have it rough  he travelled by private jet   hours each day.Good for him I guess  North Dakota governor declared martial law in     .Yes and then seceded from the US  WOw. In Texas  the first female governor was elected before other stated had ratified the amendment. Nice  seems they were a bit more ahead of time   Ralph Lawrence  Carr was the only governor that did not agree with the internment of japane americans during WWII.Must have been tough being the only guy 
conversation_49 The Republican Party is really popular in the states do you agree .Unfortunately yes   It is not like the republican party of old times . Yeah a lot of things have changed  funny anecdote with Truman and Dumbo though.That is a good one   Poor Dumbo   He probably didnt realize what was happening   They should have brought out Eeyore instead . I know right Dumbo didnt have the fault lol  I bet he isnt a Republican either .Probably not   He might wear blue for all we know . So the red and blue colors  seem like they have been around forever but its a recent thing from the year     .That is surprising   I feel like they have always been there as far back as I can remember . It sure seems like a lot longer  so elections are really important Im just glad we have that choice many countries dont. Very true  which is why it is surprising election turnout hasnt gotten above    . And thats how we end up with leaders like Trump lol  also the taller candidate wins     of the time  interesting stat.So we need to find someone taller than him for        Lets start searching now  lol. We sure do lol  did you know Nevada is the only state with the option   None of these  .They have that   Ok    im kinda jealous now . They do  seems like the best option at times lol.It really does .I think one of the best governors is Schwarzenegger would be cool to have the terminator as president one day.It really would . He is a great actor but also a great politician  he has done a lot for California and is a really popular guy. He really has   Did you know he commuted by private jet each day    hours . Sounds like a really busy guy  anyways its time for lunch  its been great chatting with you but Im taking a break  thanks a lot
conversation_50 What did you think of the last couple elections .I think it has been great for the country  people have come to realize the power of the vote .That is a great point  I want to keep seeing more and more voter turnout  It hasn t been more than      percent in     years.the vote should be mandatory  then people would see the power of the ballot . I agree  I am sure other countries do that  I don t think we should go back to how ancient athens did it  do you know how .i think they used a lottery  that would help avoid power falling into certain hands consistenly .yea and hoping the lottery would not allow an oligarchy  I wonder if that worked or not. it probably slowed it down  officials can still bribed  even randomly elected ones .Yea you re right  I am sure it was rigged  How do you like Republicans . well  they can be bribed after the fact once elected  The country has shifted farther right  so they are pretty far right now .Yea that is a good point  is your governer part of that far right . no  i dont think so  i think that the far right is usually in the south  . Yea I think so too  our governor is republican but not a far right one  There was only one governor who opposed internment of japanese people in ww . yeah  during wartime it is hard to stop people from acting on hate  i expect that could happen again soon if there is war with chna . for sure  I am sure something big will happen in our lifetime  It is bound to happen  I still can t believe schwarzenegger was governor. he had notoriety to launch a campaign  if you are rich  famous  tall  etc you can run for govt  i figure the future is all about marketing  not content .He was the terminator  That is all he needed  lol. yeah  the governator  he was not a good speaker but people knew him  he didnt get much done because he didnt understand politics . For sure  I would have voted for him if I was in california  even though he ruined the state  . people that should run government do not run for office  if they run for office  we probably dont want them in there .I agree with you  It was so nice chatting with you 
conversation_51 No  I think it s so interesting that the Republican Party is referred to as the Grand old party .I agree   I wonder why they gave themselves that moniker .Yeah I m not sure  But every US president with a beard has been Republican .True   I also heard that Hillary Clinton was president of the young republicans when she was in college .Oh that s interesting especially given the fact that she just ran Democrat  The red and blue colors for Republicans and Democrats only started in      .That really got me   I thought they were always around representing the parties .Yeah me too but it sounds like they used to use animals more  Truman seem to take that very seriously especially at Disneyland .I heard    poor Dumbo   He probably didnt even understand .Ha ha yeah I bet he was so confused  It s funny to think that ride has been around since      . It really is  it was my favorite as a kid  much to the detriment of my parents   LOL.Haha thats funny  Apparently officials in ancient athens were appointed by lottery because they believe elections would lead to oligarchy .Well elections also lead to a dog being elected mayor    so I dont know what is worse .Haha yes good point  I hope that one day the voter turnout for presidential elections will breach     .Me too   Did you know the faster blinker has lost every election since        Who even calculates that data .Yeah that is definitely an odd stat .There is even a cat that placed  rd in the Virginia Senate election   How can animals even run   That is just crazy. Haha i guess you can vote for anything  Like blinking  another odd stat is the tallest candidate has won in     of elections .So we need to look for a slow blinker and a tall person for      . Yeah they will no doubt win  Nevada is actually the only state to have a  none of these  candidates voting option . That is brilliant  especially if it forces new candidates .Yea more states should do it maybe  More states should elect women too  Texas elected their first female governor before some states even ratified the   th amendment 
conversation_52 Do you follow politics .I do  I just learned that the Republican Party was founded by anti slavery activists  Surprising .I never knew that   There hasn t been a US president who wasn t a Republican or Democrat since      .That s a good thing  Did you know in      President Harry Truman visited Disneyland and refused to be photographed on the Dumbo ride so he wouldn t be associated with the Republican Party .That s funny   Consistent use of the red and blue colors for Republicans and Democrats started in        Could have swore they used those colors before then . Really  I thought so too  Did you know Nevada is the only state to have a  none of these candidates  voting option for Presidential elections .I didn t know that   Every US president with a beard has been a Republican   Interesting .Huh  I never noticed  Hard to believe voter turnout for US Presidential elections hasn t breached       in the last     years .That s an amazing statistic   Wow   Since      the taller candidate has won the US presidential election    percent of the time .Oh that is funny  During the      US elections international electoral observers were blocked from the polls in   states .Interesting   Do you ever vote for the governor in your state   I do . I do  Can you believe when Arnold Schwarzenegger was governor of CA he never lived in Sacramento  instead he commuted   hours every day by private jet .Didn t know that   I bet that would get old though flying like that every day .It is certainly a lot  Did you know the Beatles song Come Together was actually written for Tim Leary s      CA Governor campaign .I had no idea   Wonder why a British band at the time would write a song for an American election   Interesting .Very  Did you know Ralph Lawrence Carr was the only Governor to oppose the internment of Japanese Americans during WW  .I didn t know that   I ve heard about when they did that though to those people . It s something else  that s for sure .In      I see that North Dakota s governor declared martial law and seceded from the US   I m learning all kinds of new things today . Wow  Well  Texas elected their first female Governor  the second in the nation  before some states even ratified the   th amendment  .Looks like Texas was ahead of the times   Thanks for chatting 
conversation_53 Are you aware that the taller candidate for president has won     of the elections of them time .Hello   it doesn t surprise me  I ve even heard that taller people in interviews for jobs tend to get the job more often . Crazy  is that true  . Not sure how true it is  but that s what I ve been told  Did you know Hillary Clinton was president of young republicans in college .I m not surprised  Did you know Arnold traveled   hours a day to Sacramento when he was the governor .Wow that s crazy  I can t imagine traveling that far for work .Me either  Did you know Tim Leary ran for governor of CA . I did not know that  but that s interesting  I didn t know congress has played a democrat vs  republican baseball game every year since       . I did  it must be one boring game  .Yea I bet it is a very boring game  A cat named Hank placed third in a Virginia senate election once before .I can believe it  Did you know Nevada is the only stat that has a none of these candidates as a voting option .Wow I didn t know that about Nevada . Yeah  must be an interesting state to live in  Have you ever visited there  .I have been to Las Vegas twice  What about you . Yeah  I ve been  But I don t think a majority of the people that visit there vote  . Yea  I m not too sure on that  I saw that all elections conducted in Oregon are conducted by mail . Interesting  It rains a lot in Oregon  have you ever visited  . Never been to Oregon  but not a state I think I would want to live in with all of the rain they get  . Yeah  I m not a huge fan of rainy states to be honest  .Me either  Did you know the government of Oklahoma has an Oklahoma shaped pool . No  weird  Is a hew a professional swimmer  
conversation_54 Do you watch many movies in the theaters .Yes I love watching movies  Summer was considered a bad time to release a movie in the theater because of low sales until steven spielberg s jaws .Steven spielberg still makes millions from star wars off a bet with george lucas they made in      . haha thats awesome   I wonder what the bet was Steven spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack  .I was wondering the same  After filming the goonies steven spielberg flew the entire cast to hawaii and surprised director richard donner with a cookout .Amazing   Thats so nice  When steven spielberg rode jurassic park the ride on opening day he requested that he was let off before the    foot drop. Too funny  Speaking of entertainers that make a lot of money  With over      billion worldwide film earnings  tom hanks is the highest all time box office star .He is very talented  Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after sleeping beauty was a box office failure . Good thing they didn t  Disney s  treasure planet  was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time . yeah   I read that recently   I never saw it   The movie trojan wars with a budget of             has earned only      in box office.Yikes  The silence of the lambs came out on valentine s day in      and had a box office of over      million .That movie was great and creepy at the same time .Super creepy  Spielberg became a household name as the director of Jaws .Did you know that More than    percent of the earth s natural forests have already been destroyed.That s sad  About     of Earth s surface is covered with water . Also  When earth was first formed a day was only     hours long   Such short days   i wouldnt mind going to work for only   hours lol . That would be great  If earth s entire history was viewed as a    hour period  humans would only represent   minute and    seconds . Mind blown   I love these facts  In september of       the united nations appointed official ambassador to extraterrestrials in they case they would ever make contact with earth.What   Thats funny  Earth formed over     billion years ago .The earth is old   Earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the   st century. Wow  The majority of Earth s polar regions are covered in ice  including the Antarctic ice sheet and the sea ice of the Arctic ice pack  .was good talking to you 
conversation_55 Did you ever watch ET . Yes  I did   It was the movie when I was a kid .Seems like Steven Spielberg is trying to return to his glory with Ready Player One  Have you seen that . No  I haven t see it   Have you . I have t either  At the premiere screening the sound cut out  But instead of booing  the audience member cheers and makes their own sound effects . Well that was sure nice of them to do that  I m sure Spielberg appreciated it . Right  usually that would be embarrassment  That was cool of the audience  Ready Player One is another childlike adventure where virtual reality dominates . It sounds cool  my grandkids would probably like it   I remember when I first saw Jaws  it scared me to death . Yeah  I know what you mean  Ready Player one takes place on an Earth where people go to VR to escape their real life problems  I can totally imagine this happening in the future . OMG  goodness  alot of people would def get hooked on that  Do you watch alot of movies .I don t really though I like Disney movies  How about you . Me too  I love Disney movies   I read that Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after Sleeping Beauty flopped .I didn t even know that Sleeping Beauty was a flop  Treasure Planet was also a Disney movie and was the most expensive box office flops of all times .I did know that Treasure Planet was a big time flop   I can t remember anybody that saw it saying they liked it  I read that Tom Hanks is the highest all time box office star .Would  you see the Silence of the Lambs on Valentine s day  That s the day it came out in       It made over      million in box office . I remember seeing it  but it wasn t on Valentine s day .Trojan Wars on the other hand ws a failure  It had a    million budget and earned only      in box office .That s pitiful . Yes that is quite sad  Another sad thing is even though humans are destroying the earth  if earth s history was viewed as a    hour period  humans would only represent one minute and    seconds . Awesome  I read somewhere that when the Earth was formed a day was only       hours   . Wow  I can t even get enough done in    hours 
conversation_56  Hi Turker  are you familiar with Steven Spielberg  .Hey  Steven Spielberg is one of the most popular directors  Seen so many of his films . Yes you are right  have you seen E T  if yes  did you like the movie  I know it s an old movie . Yes it is an old movie  I like older movies  I remember when the game for the atari came out  they literally had to mass dump the product  in a field somewhere . Yes I heard about that  but I wonder if the atari could have been recycle  just to think about all those Items were destroyed .Yeah  its funny that he made all these movies here for all humans to see  Here on planet earth  A     million year old rock  I wonder if aliens seen our movies . yes you are right  I really like all the Jurassic Parks  I have watched those movies several times . Dude    Tell me about it  Its crazy that Tom hanks made so much money  Making     billion worldwide and wasnt in any of the sagas  not in star wars and not in jurassic park . Yes Tom Hanks made a lot of money also  did you know Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in jaws . That is so cool how invlolved he is  I read that a movie named trojan wars costed             to make and only made       I need to find out what movie that is lol. Wow what a loss  did you know Steven Spielberg still make millions from star wars because a bet from George Lucas in      .Yes I read that  I did not know that he Directed The Color Purple  Saving private ryan was one of my favorites though .Either me I just recently saw color purple and it still a good movie like  I have seen it for the first time .You see how big Oprah is now right  She was wonderful in that movie . Yes she was  do you usually purchase your tickets from the box office or purchase online .I always buy it online  I try to avoid missing out on big titles like star wars  Pick it up at the theatre .Did you know that more than    percent of the earth natural forests already been destroyed . Yeah I read that  And we continue to use our resources like we dont have a clue whats going on  If global warming hits us  think of the already      water covering earth  It will be catastrophic . Yes you are right  we can t see it because most of the water is underneath us  .Oooo imagine the animals in the unexplored water world we have not seen yet      million years old and the world has animals in its oceans for quite some time now  Like the lizards . when the earth was first formed a day was only     hours long  It was nice chatting with you  have a good night 
conversation_57 Did you know that summer was considered a bad time to release a movie .In the past it may have been . Yes  it was until Jaws was released  That was a scary movie back in the day . Yeah  that was a good movie  Did you like it  .I use to  I think I have seen it too many times now  Spielberg played the clarinet for the soundtrack . Yeah  that is pretty interesting  Did you see the Goonies  .I have  That is a cute movie  I love how they get the jewels at the end to pay the mortgage .It is pretty good  I m fairly certain Stranger Things is a rip off of it .I ve never seen that movie  There are so many rip offs these days .It is a show on Netflix actually  The first season isn t that bad . I don t have Netflix  These days  I m sure that sounds weird .I don t either  I saw it at a friends house .I heard that Netflix is losing a lot of money because of password sharing  Did you know Tom Hanks is the highest all time box office star  I would believe it . Yeah  that could be  they are creating a lot of their own content  .All the streaming channels seem to be doing that now . Yeah  that is pretty cool  Do you use Roku  . Yes  I love my ROKU .Do you recommend getting one of them . I would definitely  You can also get Netflick  Hulu  I have Amazon Prime which has lots of channels .Oh cool  Then maybe I will check that out  Are you a Tom Hanks fan .I truly am  I draw charcoal portraits and I have drawn a picture of him  He is an amazing actor  I also like Robin Williams  I noticed he did a lot of movies about dying . I think he is a great actor  Well  nice chatting with you .Nice chatting with you too 
conversation_58 Do you know much about the Bible .some yes.Did you know that has sold over an estimated   billion copies   Wow .I knew it was perhaps the most sold and published book of all time.Yes  Prior to      it was not uncommon for students in the US to be required to read from the bible as part of their elementary eduction .Yes I lived in the Southern US for a while and they still use that at times. Nice   Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the Bible   He used a razor to cut out the supernatural parts  such as the miracles and the resurrection . I was fascinated to hear about that   That would mean he did not accept the divinity of Jesus Christ  but that He was only a human man .Yes   Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams are the only   US presidents that did not use a bible when they were sworn in .Yes that would indicate to me that they were agnostics or aherents to another form of religion. Yes   The biblical tower of Babel was likely based on a real building  the Etemenanki in modern day Iraq . I did not now that  but it is certainly possible   William Shakespeare wrote an incredible amount of material even though he died at    years old .Yes he did   he is regarded ad the greatest writer in the English language . I think I read the cliff notes to one of his plays  but I could never stay interested in his works . I read the cliff notes of some of his things in college   He coined a lot of popular phrases that we still use today like  good riddance  and  wild goose chase  .Yes those sayings certainly seemed to have stuck into modern language.Pocahontas and Shakespeare were alive at the same time and died only a year apart   Interesting facts .I guess that would mean Lewis and Clark were exploring the Western United States while Shakespeare was performing plays in England . Yes   lol  Shakespeare invented the names Miranda  Jessica  and Olivia   I never knew that . Yes  true   His works can be found in a library  which in Greek language means  book shelf  .I love going to libraries   I m a heavy user of them   It s been fun chatting with you .Same thing to you  Good day .You have a good day too 
conversation_59 There was man who was falsely imprisoned  He used the prison library to study law and learn to free himself  That is amazing don t you think . That is awesome  Speaking of libraries  there are more libraries than McDonalds in the United States  Do you have a library card . I do and that is good to hear  Also  half of adult have library cards that seems like more than I would have thought . I know  I don t know that a lot of my friends go to the library  The Sacramento Library has instituted a type of library that might make going to the library more interesting to many  They started a library of things  so you can check out sewing machines and other things that you don t need to own for a long time .That would be so useful  I wonder if other cities do that  I know that normal library collections often included DVD s and CD s and other things besides books . Yes  and I have also checked out passes to various museums in my city  I m glad some people were dedicated to starting libraries in the past as they have been so useful to me  Have you heard of UK Prime Minister William Gladstone . I have  I heard that he started a library in      with        books in it  All from his personal collection  Can you imagine .The more amazing thing to me is how he carted all those books by wheelbarrow over     mile  He was    . Maybe his daughter helped him  I wonder how many were Shakespeare plays  I was reading one at the library  Did you know that Shakespear coined many of the terms we use today  including  good riddance  and  laughing stock  . Oh  that s interesting  I would never have thought as luck would have it  break the ice  and full circle were from Shakespeare . I guess it makes sense that he coined so many terms since he was the world s greatest dramatist  Plus  he wrote so much  He wrote    plays . Not only did he coin terms  but he created names  The names Miranda  Olivia and Jessica were invented by Shakespeare  I didn t know those names went so far back .That is interesting  I wonder if these names sound different with the accent of the time  I know the accent can affect the meaning of the performance  The old accent can introduce rhymes or puns that don t work with our modern tongue  What might Miranda sound like in Shakespeare s voice .That is an interesting thought  Shakespeare has been translated into every major language  I wonder how they preserve Shakespeare s style and language in other languages .That is a good question  It would be interesting to study that in school  I bet people use to study Shakespeare in school more than they do now  I hear that people often studied the Bible in school before      . Yes  the Bible does still play a large role in our lives though  Presidents are still sworn in with them  I wonder why Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams did not use Bibles at their swearing in ceremonies . That is true  It does play a role still  Plus it was influenced by real history  For example  the tower of Babel was probably based on a real building in what is now Iraq .Thomas Jefferson didn t seem to agree with all parts of the Bible  He made his own version and cut out the supernatural parts  I wonder why that was . Interesting   All so at least three Presidents saw the Bible differently  Jefferson  Roosevelt and Adams   Iti is interesting to think about how the Bible changes too  For example  the apple from Adam and Eve was a translation from the  th century .That s true  And different Bible canons have evolved over the century with overlapping contents but also diverging contents . Yes  In fact  the what is seen as canonical depends on the traditions of different groups .That is what cuases disagreement between CHristian denominations about what should be included in the canon 
conversation_60 Hi   How much do you know about planets . Hello   I know the alternate names for Earth are gaia  tellus  and telluris . That is awesome  I wonder why they settled on Earth   It is the only one without a God Goddess name .I saw that in      the Soviet Union sent a spacecraft to Venus . Wow  maybe that is how they found out it doesnt tilt .You can fit every other planet between Earth and the moon . Wow  I didnt realize it was really that far away   Does that include pluto  they can t decide about that poor planet .I believe it does  There is a planet that orbits four stars .There is a planet where shards of glass rain sideways at      mph in      degree F weather   No thanks .That s crazy  Manned space stations orbit Jupiter are impossible due to the intense radiation .I would imagine   I have heard there are pretty violent storms on Jupiter .I ve heard that too  Even heard you can pick up the strong storms on Earth over radios.Jupiter has a moon that could be considered a planet if it orbited the sun .Wow that s crazy  Do you know much about governors . Some  I know Schwarzenegger never lived in Sacramento  he commuted daily by private jet .That would be hard to do  It says he went   hours per day by private jet  Talk about a long commute .i couldnt do that   time is too valuable .I agree  Did you know that Athiests cannot be governor of South Carolina . Wow  I didnt know that   Texas actually elected the first female governor .That s really good to know  The governor of Oklahoma has an Oklahoma shaped pool .Nice chat   Have a great day 
conversation_61 hello do you like dance .I love it  Did you know Bruce Lee was a dancer too .Yes pretty awesome he even won a cha  cha championship once. Yes  same with Tupac  he was a ballet dancer too. Yeah and he even was part of a nutcracker production  he was the mouse. Nice  Ballet dancers go through tons of shoes    pairs a week.Yeah must cost a lot too  Babies are good at dancing too when they hear music. Yeah and they smile more once they hit the beat  smart.Yes super sweet  Jackson had a patent on a device that improved his dance moves.Nice  Do you like soundtracks . Yes I do  Did you know Spielberg  when creating the soundtrack for Jaws  played the clarinet .the Brother Where Art Thou one is   times certified platinum.Wow  That is impressive  Phil Collins speaks many languages and recorded the Tarzan ST in all of them . Yes including german  spanish  italian  and french  Amazing.I know  The track title in the Batman Begins ST is named after a genius of a bat.Haha that is super creative  Do you ever read movie reviews . I read them sometimes  I mostly rely on Rotten Tomatoes  and you .Me too  Did you know Bay s average rating for his movies is just     there .Wow that low  Movies based on video games also have a low rating there too.Yeah it seems  It is owned by Warner Bros.Yeah they seem to have their hand on everything
conversation_62 Are you a fan of dance .Sure  I find the movement very aesthetically pleasing .They say that babies spontaneously dance to music  I suppose that shows there s something very fundamentally human in dance .Not just human  Parrots are able to dance perfectly to music  They speculate it s tied into their ability to mimic . Wow  I guess everything with a heartbeat probably feels some impulse to dance  More advanced forms of dance have aesthetic and symbolic value  .Did you know Emilia Clarke did the funky chicken and robot dance to audition for Game of Thrones . LOL  no  Can t imagine how that would help her get the part  I do know that Bruce Lee once won a cha cha competition in Hong Kong . That s pretty funny  Apparently  Mr  Rogers learned to breakdance on an episode .And rapper Tupac Shakur danced in the Nutcracker in high school  Sounds like he and Mr Rogers swapped paths along the way . Haha  Like Bill Bailey  an old tap dancer and Michael Jackson  Bill Bailey was first recorded moonwalking in      .So someone was moonwalking for anyone  literally  moon walked .Ha  That s a funny way to put it  I wonder what the called it back then  Maybe if he had been wearing those ballet slippers that make drawings from the movements we could come up with a better name .I hear they go through four pairs of pointe shoes a week  Lots of wear . Soundtracks are important in dance  as well as movies  too . Yep  And some become bigger hits than the movies  such as the soundtrack to  O  Brother  Where Art Thou    It went octuple platinum .Alicia Keys wrote a song for the Men in Black soundtrack when she was only    . That s impressive  although I haven t heard the tune  I know that Channing Tatum got his start dancing in Step Up when he was young  Met his wife that way . Yeah  it s too bad about their divorce . It appears to have been amicable  which is nice  They still describe each other as best friends .Step Up had a really fun soundtrack .But I think the critics hated it  I think it has     approval at Rotten Tomatoes . Rotten Tomatoes has some pretty high standards  though  Neither Ashton Kutcher or Jennifer Love Hewitt have been in movies with a  Fresh  rating 
conversation_63 Good evening   Do you know much about Maryland s governor . Not too much   so you   Did you know that ralph lawrence carr was the only governor to oppose the internement of japanese americans during ww  . I didn t know that   Maryland s governor  Larry Hogan  is a republican who was under some hot water for policies on climate change . Thats interesting   the beatles song come together  was written for      governor campaign . Larry Hogan could probably have used the support of a group like the Beatles  but I m sure he will be ok   At least he isn t as bad as North Dakota s in      who actually seceded from the US for a short time .when schwarzenegger became governor of ca he commuted   hours everyday lol. Maybe so he could leave the office every day and say  I ll be back    .haha good one .Did you hear that Texas had a female governor before other states even allowed women to vote .Yeah thats really interesting  did you know there hasnt been a us president who wasnt a rep or dem since      . Wow   We truly are a two party system  but don t try getting elected as president as a democrat with a beard   So far all bearded presidents have been republican . Im not excited about that   I will never be president lol .It s crazy to think that red blue connotations for the parties isn t even    years old . Yeah it seems like that was always the case   but I guess not   . The Bush s had a heck of a run with three terms   In fact  before Trump  you d have to go back to      to find an elected republican that didn t have nixon or a bush . Thats interesting   do you know much about our planets   The planet uranus rotates sideways instead of spinning  .Crazy   Jupiter is so big that it has moons that would be planets if they simply orbited the sun and Jupiter .That is cool   there is a planet that shards of glass rain sideways at      mph     thats insane .Wow   There are some crazy planets out there   Venus doesn t even have seasons because it doesn t tilt and rotates in a different direction than the rest of the planets that revolve around our sun . That is really interesting  I heard that astronauts can vote from space  lol  .Must have been an absentee ballot . It s been fun chatting   have a good one  
conversation_64 Have you ever used the Rotten Tomatoes website  I check out all the movies I m going to watch on there first . You know  I do to   I feel it s better to be informed than waste my time or money without knowing .If I m watching a movie at home I don t care about the reviews as much but definitely want to make sure I am getting my moneys worth at the theater . Amen  to that   Movie ticket prices are outrageous  nowadays   Netflix has almost     movies that carry a      Rotten Tomatoes rating . I ve found it has been so hard to find a movie on Netflix  I have been watching a lot of their original content lately though  Do you watch Netflix .All the time   It is another one of those companies created by college students   Lol   All I did in college was party . Yeah I didn t spend my time in college trying to make companies either  I wish I did though . Just a random note  did you realize that Bruce Lee wa such a good dancer . I did not  but with his athleticism and talent I am not surprised .I know right   He won the      Cha Cha championship in Hong Kong   I can not even picture that .I would like to see some video of that  I have only seen a couple of his movies . Speaking of dancing  are you aware that Michael Jackson holds a patent on a dance device .I did not know that but if anyone would have one it s him . That s right  he was a master of dance   This device apparently  helped him get that extreme lean that he did in some of his dances .Now that you mention it I do somewhat remember seeing how he did that  It was almost like a piece of metal that would lock into his shoe so he could almost lean    degrees  I believe he used it in the Smooth Criminal music video . Looked very cool  when he did it   I heard somewhere that Tupac danced ballet   Have you heard anything about that .I had heard he trained in the ballet  Did you know that the Air Jordan logo is him doing a ballet move . Wow  I didn t know that .A lot of athletes have used ballet and now yoga to help with flexibility and reduce injuries . Yes  I hear it does help tremendously . I have taken yoga before but I need a few more classes before I get more flexible  It was fun chatting with you  have a great day 
conversation_65 hello. Hello  Michael jackson has a patent  on a device used to achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves.That is extremely interesting actually  never knew that.I didn t either   I guess for the song Smooth Criminal .perhaps  what article you thought was the most interesting .Tupac danced ballet in high school and ended up portraying the mouse king in a production of the nutcracker .I found interesting the concept with rotten tomatoes  Poor people. Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music  and smile more when they hit the beat   Dance is so interesting  . Dance truly is interesting  As for the babies dancing spontaneously when they hear music  I totally agree  My child does the same.Mine do as well   Professional ballet dancers can go through   pairs of pointe shoes in a week .That I certainly didn t know  She is still too little for ballet lol.Michael bay s average rotten tomatoes film rating is    .Quite surprising  Also Netflix has almost     movies with      rating on rotten tomatoes.I was just reading that   How cool is that  I like to watch some of the stuff on Netflix .I also like to watch movies on Netflix  Its convenient and the premium is not too high. Exactly  Spykids received a     fresh rating on rotten tomatoes  better than  say  lincoln or the dark knight rises .true that  How about soundtracks  Any thoughts on that .I didn t realize that Steven spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack .Same here  Thought it was very interesting. No doubt   The soundtrack to  o brother  where art thou   is certified   times platinum .yep pretty fascinating.Thanks for the chat   It was informative .same  have a good day. Thanks  you too .bye
conversation_66 How do you like planet earth .I find the earth and the solar system very interesting .It is so interesting  I love learning about planets  Like Jupiters mon Ganymede . Yes  I agree  Isn t the Ganymede Jupiters own moon . yea  it would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun  that is amazing. Very  Did you know our planet Earth has other names besides Gaia . I didn t know there were any names besides Earth  lol  I guess maybe the blue planet  what other names do you know .Tellus and Telluris   very cool  This is also a planet that orbits four stars .wow  I love learning  I think I saw once that astronomers found a planet many light years away that could sustain life. Yes  I heard that too  Exciting   Do you know anything about the solar asteroid belt . I do not know too much  i just know there is crazy things that happen out there  how about you . True   its has celestial bodies called Ceres  Pallas  Juno and Vesta . I need to tough up on my planet facts  you have so many  I know that five planets are visual with the naked eye in the sky. Yes  Aren t they interesting  Do you have a favorite planet  I think mine would be Jupiter and Venus  . Mine is mars  I hope we get a man on mars in my lifetime  do you think it will happen . Oh yes  Mars   I love it too   I hope so  There is a good chance we will  . I bet  the more money we spend the better our chances  We just need some brave souls that are willing to take the chance like the first time we went to space . Yes  very brave   I hope we can do that sometime soon  Are there signs of water on Mars .I think there have been theories of underground lakes and the potential of water  I will read up on it more  It was so nice chatting with you and getting good facts . Really  I thought there was or at least they thought so   Yes  enjoyed chatting too .Have a great night 
conversation_67 Hi   I guess Channig Tatum and Jenna Dewan Tatum are getting a divorce   Sad . Yes  I read about that in the news  The things he says about it almost sound too good to be true   maybe it s sarcastic . Not sure    They were a good team   I guess  Step Up  was a favorite for many . Seems like it  I never saw it  though They are pretty talented to be good at both acting and dancing  Singing  too . I think so  the  Step Up  soundtrack had high acclaim  .I think the movie tried to have an overall good message to be the best you can be in everything you do  Inspirational for many .That s refreshing    I can see why ABC Family was mentioned . Kids love to dance to soundtracks  too  I think they even have a few video games with dance and music. Yes  they do   I didn t know Bruce Lee was also a great dancer   I thought he just beat up bad guys  .That s really cool  I think Patrick Swayze was also a multi talented actor dancer  He was in a very famous movie and that soundtrack is also great .I can see him but Tupac   I guess Tupac danced ballet in high school   How can you hide a gun in tights .That sounds so crazy it might even be an urban legend  Ballet dancers go through a lot of shoes in just one week  Think how their feet feel .Ouch   I guess we are all dancers to some degree   Babies naturally dance when they hear music . I remember as kids we d have birthday parties and dance to various Disney Soundtracks  Do they still make those  I wonder . If they do  they are probably  R  rated   Disney has changed for the worse   I think it s great the Spielberg played clarinet in the Jaws soundtrack . Speilberg is amazing  It wouldn t surprise me if he could dance well  too  I wonder if he d ever play an instrument in another soundtrack . Don t know    I do know that Phil Collins recorded the Tarzan sound track in many different languages  Ilaian  German  etc  .That s amazing  I wonder if those are all rated on Rotten Tomatoes  It s owned by WB so I wonder if it s hard on Disney or other rivals .I wonder if that biases their judgement for WB productions   No film based on video games ever got a rating above     from RT . If you like video games  some of those movies are pretty good  too  I didn t realize Rotten Tomatoes was started by students until recently  Brilliant   .I kind of look at IMDB for ratings    Great chat  You were excellent 
conversation_68  Hey do you like Star Wars  I know that I like the first three movies  the next three are ok  and I really hate the new ones. I love the original   like you  But the new ones are bad  I agree  .Haha well I m glad we agree on that  What did you think about Rogue one that came out in       I thought it was a total disaster haha. I think any movie that relegates the Great Luke to the trash heap is nothing   No  I am your Father  is the greatest scene of all time . Oh I agree with you  I just feel bad that James Earl Jones only made about eight grand for doing the voice in the first movie  although it was only about two and a half hours of work  he hit it out of the park.Really  That is bad  Have you ever scene the scenes without him and the original actor . Yes I have  Doesn t that guy have a Scottish accent or something  And I think he thought he was going to be the actual voice  very strange .Hilarious  I think they are great though  I didn t know JEJ only spent     hours recording though . Yeah I know  he did a great job for the limited time  can you believe that   th Century Fox let George Lucas keep the merchandising rights  that s what made him a billionaire  so crazy I don t think they would do that ever again. I think I can believe it  Good for him  what does the corporation need with something they didn t invent anyways . No I agree with you  Are you going to watch the Academy Awards by the way  They give out    Awards and I think that the first broadcast was back in       which is wild. Yeah  so like the academy awards totally suck  Does anyone actually give a bleep what they think . No I think that they don t really pick the best movies  A lot of good movies that I like a lot or never even nominated  I do like Daniel Day Lewis though  I m glad that he won three times for best actor. By the way  do you watch you tube  Much better than AA .Yes I agree with you  I watch YouTube almost everyday  I can t believe that Google bought YouTube for      billion dollars back in       That seems like so long ago. Oh  I can believe it  Google could make it a success  Youtube couldn t succeed on it own  . Yep I agree with you  Did you know that YouTube is the second biggest search engine  I assume that Google is the first.I m surprised it isn t the first to be honest .Yeah I know that everyone uses YouTube do you ever watch the music video for Gangnam Style by the way  That is one of the highest viewed videos on youtube. No  but I have watched it  Good song  good short term fad too . Yep it was definitely a fad haha  So was Justin Bieber song Baby  I don t think it should be the most disliked video on YouTube  but it s definitely annoying
conversation_69  Hello there  so have you seen any of the Star Wars movies .I have seen several  I read Tran who played rose left Instagram after racist messages from fans . That is so sad fans are so cruel to people   I have yet to see her in that movie  I really want to though  .Me too  The last Jedi divided it s fans.Yeah I think each movie does because there are so many of them and they all have their different tastes   But the personal comments to the actors is just stupid .Did you know Chloe Bennet changed her last name to get in to US easier. No I didn t know that  I wonder how many people do that when they come here   .Seems like a lot  Apparently they get more call backs with American last names . Yeah I can see that  and whatever helps for them I m sure they will do   Hey do you know how much James Earl Jones was paid for doing all the darth vader lines  .No  What is it . I guess he only got paid         but when I say only  it only took him two and a half hours to do them .That s a lot for   and half hours in      star wars was worth     billion. Holy cow  I wonder how much it was worth in       probably less than half of that  . In      star wars was dubbed in Navajo  making it the first major film to be in navajo.That is awesome   Did you know Star Wars holds a Guinness World Record title .No for what  Fox thought star wars would flop.I guess they hold the record for most successful film merchandising franchise   When I hear merchandising I think of that scene from Spaceballs .Do you watch the academy awards  Eminem has more Oscars than Leonardo DiCaprio.That is crazy   I heard he has more than Johnny Depp and Will Smith as well .The Oscars were nominated for   Emmys in      . What  That is so stupid to me  why an awards show   Do you know who is the only actor to win best actor   times .Daniel day Lewis I think . Good call   He is a great actor though so I can see it  I wonder what roles he won for   Maybe the butcher role in Gangs of New York  .Probably  Blazing saddles was nomonanom for   Oscars too  Well have a great night 
conversation_70  Hello  do you like Star Wars .I don t really though I do respect it as a franchise  How about you .Yeah I like it  Lucas  wife made such changes to the script that she won the Academy Award. Star Wars is the second highest grossing film series of all time  It s spawned into a bunch of other media like books  video games  theme parks .Yeah it has certainly taken over everything  It was even dubbed in Navajo.Cool  James Cameron decided to quit being a truck driver so that he could enter the film industry after watching Star Wars  I guess that was the right decision . Oh for sure it was  the guy is a legend now  James Earl Jones got only       recording Darth Vader s lines.Crazy  Fox thought Star Wars was going to flop and agreed to George Lucas s proposition to forgo an extra     K directing fee so that he could keep licensing and merchandising rights  Their decision cost them billions of dollars.Yeah and at the same time made Lucas a billionaire  He just had a lot of confidence in his work. Yeah  in      the whole Star Wars franchise was estimated at     billion.That is insane  Do you watch the Academy Awards . No  I don t  How about you .I watch it sometimes  Did you know Daniel Day Lewis has won the Oscar   times .I am not sure I even know who he is  Good for him  John Williams has been nominated for more Oscars than anyone besides Walt Disney .Yeah Disney is going to be hard to reach by anyone else with    Oscars.He got a special Oscar in      for snow white that had a regular sized statuette and seven miniature oscars .That is amazing  Eminem has more Oscars than Leonardo DiCaprio and some other big names . Speaking of Oscars  Kelly Marie Tran went to them  She is the first non white woman in Star Wars leading role .That is amazing  Have you seen the movie Blazing Saddles .I have not seen it  Tran faced a lot of racist and abusive language on her social media though  That s sad .That is just sad  I hope we move towards behaving as we should with each other  Nice chat   
conversation_71 Hi there   Are you a Star Wars fan . Hi  Yes I am a star wars fan    Since I was a kid  What about you .Yes   Mostly when it comes to the Original trilogy   Those are the best . It is amazing how star wars was created long time ago   in      and with a movie made last year   the star wars fever is so alive .It has to be one of the most sucessful franchises ever      years and still has a great following . It is incredible that the first eight films were nominated for academy awards  they were able to  create wonderful productions .The total value of the franchise was about     billion   It will definitely always be a legend .And    century fox though star wars was going to be a failure  . I heard that  apparently so did Harrison Ford  I heard he didnt want to be credited in the film initially . Is that right  Well  good for George Lucas because this poor vision from    century made him a billionaire.It definitely did   Do you know how much James Earl Jones was paid to record Darth Vader s lines . I believe it was         and he just spent   hours and a half doing so. Isnt that crazy   Some of those lines are so iconic  and he got so little for them   Shame . I agree  it is basically nothing   Did you know George Luca s wife influenced the star wars movies a lot . Yeah  didnt she receive an editing award too .She got an award for editing   I think she made an important contribution   good job.She definitely changed some parts significantly   It would have been far different without her . Yes  she did major changes   and is interesting George did not get the award for directing .Eminem has more oscars than George Lucas   That is hard to believe . Wow  and he has won more awards than Leo Di Caprio  Johnny Depp and Bill murray combined. I didnt realized he had any at all  I wonder what they were all for . Have to check   Do you know who has won   best actor   times .Who   Harrison Ford . It is Daniel Day Lewis  what an accomplishment. It really is   It has been great chatting  but I must go   have a great night .You do the same  
conversation_72 Government is fascinating  It seems so different the world over yet there are common threads in every type . I agree  Some governments try to help  others  not so much .So true  I wonder what america would look like if we had a PM instead of a president  A PM seems to be held more accountable for their actions .True  Much easier to remove  Australia s PM position isn t in the constitution and exists only through custom  That seems strange to me  Not in the Constitution .Australia s constitution is weird though  It doesn t protect the people as much like an american one does .I did not know that  Number    Downing Street has a cat with a title  I wonder how many other government headquarters have animals like that .With all the historic buildings in the UK I could see why they need one  Older structures like that tend to attract rodents .Is one cat enough though  Might need a support staff .Right  lol  I wonder if you can meet the cat if you tour the offices .The cat doesn t take visitors without an appointment .I could see the cat being involved in a lot of the pranks the UK officials seem to play on each other . When you turn     in japan  the PM gives you a silver cup to celebrate  Too many people are turning     so that they had to find a way to make cheaper cups  Maybe give the cup when people turn     .That would be one way to cut the costs  How many people are turning     that it is costing enough to have to find a cheaper solution  Talk about a healthy society . Yeah  Celebrating a centennial is cool  but the gov t can t afford it  Are you a fan of Johnny Depp .I find him very interesting  He is one of those chameleon actors that you never watch and go Oh that s Johnny Depp he sort of absorbs the character .Johnny  is producing and maybe starring in a biopic about  Dr  Seuss  I would be interested in that .I think he would make a fantastic Dr  Seuss Look what an amazing job he did with willy wonka  I think the creepy edge he gave to the character was perfect . He is really dedicated to his craft  Edward Scissorhands was an odd film  but he made it work .That whole movie was just weird  He might be a strange man but he seems to really have a good heart .I know that he often visits children in the hospital dressed up as a pirate .He seems to really be an animal lover too 
conversation_73  Many people like to watch horror films  I don t like slashers but like some like World War Z  did you know the horror film genre has been around for more than a century . oh yes  I even watched the first  Nosferatu  movie   not sure when that was made but it s quite old   . That one is a  classic  based on the book by Bram Stoker   They say if you watch a horror movie you will enjoy abstract art more  maybe because they are both a horror .I always loved horror movies    they work good on Your imagination   . They are good for your health as well  guess why .Horrors good for Your health   You poop more often   I don t know   . Ha  that or have a heart attack  no seriously  you burn     calories watching a horror movie  wonder what other types of cinema burn . I mean if the movie really scares You  than maybe  but what if You just like the story  but it s no longer scary for You  because You ve seen it all     . I can t imagine not being scared watching a horror movie  thats why I like other forms of cinema   Do you know cinematogrrpahy is the science of motion picture photography and important to all types of movies . well sure  it s just hundreds of pictures with sound in the background   . The art is making them look good with the right music and sound to tell a story   Do youknow the guy who pioneered the use of the wide angle lens won aan oscar but was not a citizen until     and illegally married a white woman because he was Chinese American  we have done some stupid things in our past treatment of others . I mean I wouldn t say it s stupid    if he was here illegally  that means he broke the law    there was no legal way to get here  . He was her and became a citizen  the law he broke was marrying a white woman because he was asian  That is crazy . ahhh  I did not get that  So he came it legally   and he couldn t marry white woman   Was that a law   What year was that   . His marriage did not become legal until       prior to that it was considered illegal   No woman has every been nominated for best cinematography Oscars either  so I guess there are still some issues .There will always be issues with race    but we re getting there   .I like the fantasy escape from all of our problems we find at the box office   I guess others do to since Tom Hanks has made over     billion . I mean good for him  he was always very talented  but honestly  I don t remember seeing any new movie with him  do You  . I haven t seen anything new in a long time   I did love Forest Gump  and You ve got Mail though   I really like Disney movies  do you know Sleeping Beauty was such a failure they considered closing down . lol  no I didn t know that  I have a beef with Disney thou    I loved it when I was a kid  but since they ve destroyed Star Wars    they re dead to me   . I prefer the original   from my childhood in the    s   Hopefully they learn something from their flops like Treasure planet  not that was a waste of money . yes  just because its Disney and it has to be ok for kids   make a division for adults and start making decent movies    You have the budget  technicians    nothing would stop them   .I think they have a separate division but can t remember what it is called   I m not sure I d like to see the name Disney on a film like Silence of the Lambs though .Why not    it was a great movie  Classic  but I see what You  re saying  No I mean make movies like Star Wars for a little bit mature audience    don t focus on  year olds because there are millions of    year old wanted to see how the story continues   .We never get to see the rebuilding of the galaxy and having Leia and Han s son kill Han and be bad was a stupid thing to do .it was a poor choice yes  and the way they showed Luke was not to my liking either   . They made him seem like he regressed into some kind of whiney baby  at his age and experience he should be evolving more like Ben Kenobi or even Yoda  not woah is me I need a xanex Luke. That s my point exactly   He was Vader s son   Son of a person born out of force   in my mind  he should be leading everybody to defeat Siths OR maybe share the faith of his father and go the the dark side    but not this   . It was so frustrating and annoying   Vader s turn to the bright side at the end should have affirmed him and gave him deterination to continue  and why have Han s son be so bad  that is just pointless   I guess they couldn t think of a bad guy .I think they are preparing a twist of action nobody is suspecting but I think it s in a bad taste  I personally think Han Solo lives   . I won t even pay to see the rest of them   the cinematography is great though .Absolutely    no argument here   . If I was a better cinematographer  I d make my own movies  but thats not in the cards   Its been nice visiting with you . Same here  thank You so much for fun conversation     
conversation_74 Hey there what do you know about the prime minister of the UK .I don t know that much actually  He has a cat though .I love the name of the cat  The name is Chief Mouser of the cabinet office LOL can t say I like cats though haha.Hilarious  What happens if someone is allergic .I am actually allergic to cats  And that s a great question haha do you know who Helena Bonham Carter is . yeah  she was in Fight Club  other than that I don t remember many of the movies with her  .Apparently she s related to the prime minister of the United Kingdom during World War I  That s very bizarre.Really  That is pretty weird  Did you know if you hit     in japan they give you a silver cup .I did not know that  It s funny that so many people turned     they had to find a way to make cheaper cups though haha. Hilarious  at least they are healthy there  .That s true they re definitely not giving those Awards away in the United States haha  I do like that Norway donated a billion dollars to save the Amazon rainforest though that s very nice of them. Yeah  that seems interesting  do they do a lot of business there  .I m not sure actually  They might have just donated it because they re nice  Unlike The guy who sold the Eiffel Tower twice who definitely just wanted the money haha. That s hilarious  he wasn t even the owner  Did you know Johnny Depp directed the film brave  .Oh I didn t know that  Have you seen that movie is it any good . I haven t actually  LOL BTW  apparently     of the land in Nevada is owned by the US Government  .Wow that is a lot  Very strange that Johnny Depp is making a movie about dr suess  But I think he would be great for the role. I think that may have already have been released  but maybe I am wrong  .It does sound familiar  Have you seen the movie Edward Scissorhands  Apparently Johnny Depp only says about     words. It s been a very long time  but yeah I saw it  Now that I think about it  he barely speaks in that film  .You re right  I do love that movie a lot though  It s a great winter movie  Johnny Depp seems like a nice guy  He adopted his one eyed horse from the movie Sleepy Hollow when he heard it was going to be put down
conversation_75  hi  do you like johnny depp . Hi  how are you  Who is Johnny Depp  A singer  An athlete . He is an actor  He is the one that directed the movie The Brave  if you have seen it.I have not seen it  Is it about brave people or an Indian brave  Is he an American Indian .I think he might be partly american indigenous  I am not sure though .Is he pretty ethnic  I think he d have to be pretty ethnic to pull that off  Not like Elvis  Was Johnny a friend of Nic Cage .He might be I am not sure  He even adopted the one eyed horse that was in the movie saleepy hollow.A one eyed horse  That sounds odd  What is so charming about Cyclops the Horse  I guess you would have to put an eyepatch over one of the eyes .They were going to put the horse down so he wanted to save it. I guess he had a place for keeping horses  Do you know much about government  I am not a fan of government  It seems like a useful invention  much like a one eyed horse .Me either but I do find it strange that the govnerment owns     of the land in Nevada.I figure the gov t must be up to something in that Nevada desert  War games  Alien spaceports .I have no idea they are certainly using it for something  Did you ever play nintendo .I played a bit  I warn t into them games  I had other chores to attend to on the farm prison where I growed up  You  Did you play them games .Sounds rough  Do you know about wikileaks . I applied for a job there  but they didn t hire me  Said my background wasn t suspicious enough  .Hahhaha that is funny  did you know they figured out the government is trying to destroy them. Well  they are Wikileaks  so they have a list of enemies pretty long  .Yes that makes sense  Did you know a man in france sold the eiffer tower twice . That man could probably sell the govt s land in Nevada for us  Well  I ve had a swell time chatting . Same here  have a good one 
conversation_76 Hi  Did you know the Prime Minister of Australia s position isn t actually in their constitution but only exists through custom  I find that surprising .Wow I didn t know that  I also didn t know that the Prime Minister selects and then can dismiss members of the cabinet  I always wondered what they did. It s a little strange  isn t it  But on a lighter note  a radio station prank called Queen Elizabeth II back in     pretending to be Jean Chretien who was the Prime Minister of Canada back then  Ha . That is very strange  Do you know who Helena Bonham Carter is  She was in the Harry Potter movies  but anyway she is the great granddaughter of a prime minister. Is that so  I wonder if she used her family to become an actress  Ha  Well in Japan  their Prime Minister sends their residents a silver cup when they turn     to celebrate it  Problem is  so many are turning     now  they re having to find ways to make cheaper cups  That s a good thing though . That is a good thing  What do you think about Wikileaks by the way  Apparently the government try to destroy them  but Wikileaks just leaked their plans LOL. That s kind of ironic  isn t it  I wonder if Wikileaks will tell us what the government does with the     of Nevada s land that they own . That is a good question  Maybe it is Area    that they own haha  It s also crazy to think that Norway donated a billion dollars to help save the rainforest  I wonder if they own the land or just donated it.That s a good question  I m glad they re taking action to protect the rainforests though  Did you ever hear about the guy in France who posed as a government official and sold the Eiffel Tower twice  It s like how did he pull that off  Someone like him could sell fire in hell  Ha .Haha yes a very talented salesman for sure  Definitely a scam too  What do you think about the actor Johnny Depp by the way  He likes to live in France.Does he really  I think he s a great actor  Although I m not sure about his directing skills as I still haven t seen The Brave that he directed back in      . No I ve never even heard of that movie  I do know that gives a good actor  I loved him in Edward Scissorhands even though he only said     words.That is weird to have so few lines like that  I can t believe Gene Wilder didn t watch the Willy Wonka remake because he didn t want to be disappointed in Depp  That is a little disappointing to me .Yes that is disappointing  I hope that Johnny Depp goes through with making a biopic about dr  Seuss  That would actually be my first choice for a person to play him. Agreed  That would be cool to see  I mean  I think that film would earn him another academy award nomination  I mean  He s already been nominated for three . Yes that is impressive  He seems like a nice guy  he adopted a one eyed horse in one of his movies because they were going to put it down  that s nice thing to do. That s a very nice and humane thing to do  He s certainly come a long way since his rise in the     s with    Jump Street  hasn t he . Yes absolutely  It s crazy that he was born in       I remember when he was just a young man.Absolutely  Back when he was just becoming a teen idol before going on to win Best Actor at both the Golden Globes and the Screen Actor s Guild Awards .Yes absolutely  I never knew that he was actually named John Christopher Depp II though  I wonder if his dad was also an actor . I wonder that as well now that you mention it  Hey  maybe one day he ll run for a position in the government  Ha  I m sure he s wise enough to know each government has a constitution in place which as you know is a statement of its philosophies and principles  Well it was great chatting with you  Have a good evening  friend 
conversation_77  How s it going  do you watch Horror films  The first ones were inspired by Edgar Allan Poe and Mary Shelley. I love horror movies  I am a stephen king fan .It s kinda strange Stephen King considers bambi a horror movie. Right  it must have made him so scared as a kid  I think about the shining sometimes  good movie  The boy in the movie didnt know it was a horror movie until years later.I m surprised the boy from the shinning couldn t figure out he was in a horror movie from the scenes with the bloody elevator and creepy twins. right  or the guy breaking down the door  I wonder how the movie was at the box office. Probably pretty scary  apparently you can burn more than     calories watching a horror movie.Dang I need to watch like    per night for my diet since I don t do anything else lol.Watching horror movies also makes viewing abstract art more enjoyable too. I wonder how that works  do you know the science behind it . I have no clue  probably something to do with psychology that makes abstract art more enjoyable after a horror movie. I bet  You know what else is scary  Treasure Island by disney only made     dollars on a          dollar budget . Yea  that is pretty horrible  Treasure Planet by Disney was also a huge box office flop. sorry I meant treasure planet lol  Silence of the lambs came out on valentines day  imagine that date  lol.Well it couldn t of been that bad since Silence of the lambs made     million at the box office. for sure  I mean bringing your date to it  Almost as crazy as disney almost shutting down their studios because of sleeping beauty failing. That is crazy  Do you like Tom Hanks  he s grossed over     billion at the box office. Man  he should be in every movie at that much money  Youre guaranteed to make money at that rate i think. Yea  Tom Hanks is the highest all time box office draw. That is amazing  great actor  good chatting with you .Have a good one
conversation_78 Good Morning  Do you like to watch horror films . Hi  how are you  I am not really a fan of the genre  though I have some favorites .What are some of your favorite ones  Stephen king considers Bambi one haha . King was just a kid  to be fair  That movie could be scary to a tiny child  He then turned his fright into a profession .You re right on that one  Did you know you can burn     calories watching one . I suppose that I could try to lose weight that way  It might be easier to exercise  I like a couple of films  but after the first viewing  they are not as scary .Just do a marathon one day of watching them and you ll be set  Have you seen the Shining  The boy actor didn t even know it was a horror film until years later .I liked the Shining  King wrote a great story and it translated well to the screen  I am surprised by the kid though  What did he think it was .That is a good question  You would think watching the cinematography alone would let you know it was one .I wonder if he ever saw the film while he was a kid  I think maybe his parents wouldn t let him .That could be it  Did you know no woman has ever been nominated for best cinematography at the oscars . That is a shame  I don t know how many women cinematographers there are  but probably not enough  There should be more .I agree with you  Especially with the box office at what it is  I would hate to work for the movie Trojan Wars  They made only     dollars on a budget of    million . Movies are such a crapshoot  There is no magic formula for success  Stars  special FX  marketing  Doesn t matter . They really are  even with the big names  Tom Hanks has earned     billion in film earnings for his movies .He is a bankable star  People love him  But he also works with certain people regularly  Spielberg  Zemeckis  They are capable directors .Oh for sure  Have you seen Disney s Treasure Planet  That was one of the most expensive box office flops ever .I did not  Was that animated  Usually animated stuff is pretty good  I m surprised . I am surprised too  especially with the Disney name attached to it .I guess a lot depends on the director  I don t know who directed Treasure Planet .I am going to google that now  Have a good day 
conversation_79 Are you a soccer or tennis fan . Well I personally prefer tennis  but I also like lacrosse  did you hear about the spring all met boys lacrosse team . No  what was that . Well they want a lot of Awards this year  and I think they re going to do even better next year.I will have to follow them  Tennis is fun too  a black man won the us open in      and no other black man has since then  That would be award worthy. Yes they should make a movie about him  it s interesting to that until      you could use any object as a tennis racket  that sounds dangerous.That would be hilarious to see what some  people came up with  What would  you use  lol.I would use a rocket launcher LOL just kidding  do you watch soccer at all  Apparently soccer makes more than all other sports combined. Lol that would be perfect  no opponent means you  win everytime  . That s a great point  Did you know that table tennis is the name of the actual sport  and that ping pong is only the name of the company that sells the table tennis equipment . I did not know that  wow  Mind blown  Back to soccer  did you have a favorite team in the world cup .No I don t  I really don t like soccer I think it s boring LOL it s weird to me that the Super Bowl is smaller than soccer s biggest events. it is boring  but it is kind of fun to watch one week per   years lol  I liked Brazil. Well soccer is a good exercise though  apparently a player will run about   miles per game  that s good for burning calories. so good  they always have tight bodies lol  There was a german soccer player who donated        euros to help pay for surgeries in brazil. That s really nice of him  What a nice guy  why do you think Greenland can t join FIFA  Apparently it s because they can t grow green grass LOL. lol  that is a valid point but don t you think they could use turf  That is a little wrong i think . Yep I agree it seems stupid  I don t know why they need to play on grass specifically  did you hear about the longest tennis point of all time .I didn t what was that . I was asking about the longest point in pro tennis  apparently it lasted for    minute straight  it was a     shot rally  that s incredible. Wow  great chatting with you 
conversation_80 Hello.Hi  Do you play tennis . I used to and love it   Polo shirts were originally invented for tennis by famous player rene  the crocodile  lacoste and only later adopted by polo players.I once watched a match where single point lasted nearly    minutes  It was historic. Wow  They used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the      us open.I remember when players could use just about everything for a racket except the kitchen sink. Haha  The longest match in tennis history went on for    hours and was spread over   days .Do you know who played in that match . No  I sure don t   I bet they were worn out though .Tennis players make quite a bit of money if they win a tournament but not as much as soccer players. Yes  they do   On another note  did you know that the rapper drake graduated high school on october      at the age of   .That is a little late isn t it or do Canadians graduate at a later age . Haha  that is very late   Probably a ssllooww learner   The beat of drake s song  hotline bling  is actually sampled from timmy thomas       hit  why we can t live together  .I absolutely love his music . During a uk tour in       drake spent an Obscene amount of money   on first editions of children s classic books  Charlotte s web  and  Winnie the pooh  .I wonder why he would do that  He doesn t seem like he is into reading seeing as though he graduated high school so late. Good question   After hearing eminem s verse on drake s song forever  kanye west took two days and cancelled appointments to rewrite his .Didn t Drake do some acting when he was younger .Yes   Drake initially gained recognition as an actor on the teen drama television series Degrassi  The Next Generation in the early     s . They named a college after him too  didn t they .I m not sure about that .I m gonna go listen to his album on YouTube now 
conversation_81  Hello   how are you doing  Soccer makes more money than football  basketball  baseball  golf  tennis and hockey combined . Hello  I m doing great  Have you ever watched the variation that has three teams  instead of two .Nope   Did you know Jon stewart was a skilled soccer player in college and represented the us at the pan american maccabi games in brazil in      . I do not follow soccer  I do remember reading about the German player who donated his bonus so    kids could have surgery . Wow so generous   thats amazing  Americans call it  soccer  because it was slang for association football.I find it fascinating that they used to dry the tennis couts for the     US Open with helicopters  I would have loved to see that .Seems like a huge expense lol. I didn t know the rapper Drake  was Canadian  did you . Yes  During a uk tour in       drake spent an  obscene amount of money   on first editions of children s classic books  charlotte s web  and  winnie the pooh  . That s sweet  and it s interesting that he chose to graduate at     instead of getting his GED . Yeah   maybe he really liked his friends that were still in the high school  . Kanye is so sensitive  I cannot believe that he actually cancelled appointments to rewrite his part of a song with Drake  after hearing Eminiem s verse . Yeah   he definitely is sensitive  . Did you watch the show Degrassi  He was an actor on it  I ve never heard of it .I ve heard of it never watched it though   Is that Disney . I m not sure  as I ve never watched it  even though it was on for seven years .The rapper drake visited drake university in the middle of the night after students gave up trying to get him to visit during a tour stop . That s funny  I bet he made their night  I was surprised to hear that he is signed with Lil  Wayne s label  instead of Dre s Death Row . Yes   that was very interesting   although either way he still would ve made a lot of money. I think One Dance is my favorite by him  it s also one of his most popular . me too   that song was great   good talking to you 
conversation_82  Hi  do you know anything about lacrosse . Hello there  I don t know too much I will say  how about you.Not a ton    I love sports though so I could get into it if I needed to  Do you like any other sports . Yeah same here  I like to be able to at least play every sport just a bit once  Do you follow tennis at all .I do  I used to play a lot but not any more  Do you play too . I have tried to play a few times  but that game is pretty tough   Did you know you could use any object as a racket until        Wonder if anyone ever used anything strange  .Probably but not in serious competitions  A tennis player actually invented the polo  Who knew . Lol  that is pretty funny  and now they have the polo players on there  I bet the company wants people to think they invented them  . The player was Rene  The crocodile  lacoste  His company uses the alligator and is called Lacoste still . That is awesome  yeah I still see the alligator shirts around a bit these days   What a cool name .They use helicopters to dry us open tennis courts  Who knew .I heard about that   During a major tournament or something right . Yeah  the US open  Seems like they should have been more prepared . Yeah  but  to me that is pretty good improvisation for whoever came with that idea  .Agreed  I work in recreation facilities and would not have thought of calling in a helicopter for any of my isssues .Right same here  if i did work in that area    Do you know what the longest rally was in tennis history .I have no idea  How long . It was a     shot rally that went on for almost    minutes   That is insane  those people must have been tired after that one lol  .I know  The longest match in history was    hours over   days . Holy cow  I wonder how many people that started watching that match actually finished . I would have fallen asleep  all three days  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_83 Hello there  Have you ever played the guitar or piano .no  I would have liked to play but never did  Fan of guitar players from the   s and   s. oh nice  That reminds me  Eddie van Halen actually set a studio speaker on fire from playing the guitar solo for Beat It  .I have heard that  Hendrix set his guitar on fire at Woodstock . That just shows how badass they are  haha  The best guitarists are the ones that set stuff on fire from playing    or have a phd in astrophysics like the one from Queen .Yes  He is a smart guy .Do you know how to play the guitar .No  I wish that I did. Same here  Whenever i watch people  it looks so easy to pick up and learn    until you actually try to learn and realize its alot harder than it looks hah  Taking the time to build up muscles in your fingers is hard work .Its a great musical instrument.This is true  That statement also goes well with piano s  There s so many talented artists out there that can play the piano and guitar  Did you know that Freddie Mercury used the same piano to record Bohemian rhapsody as paul mccartney used to record hey jude  That must be a super lucky piano .Yes  That piano must be worth a bit of money.I could only imagine  I wonder where they keep that piano .it should be in the rock and roll hall of fame.As it should be  It would be so awesome to see it in person .A long time ago at the fillmore east I saw grand funk railroad  Talk about loud and sparks flying.Oh nice  I haven t heard of that band until now  What is some popular songs that they have  I want to look them up and give them a listen . Were an American band  Im your Captain  Some kind of wonderful  are some hits they had in the     s. Cool  I m listening to Were an American band right now  i reeeeaally love the guitar playing .Mark Farner i think was lead guitar.Nice  Well thank you for opening up my ears to some new awesome music  Now i got some new stuff to listen to  It s been a pleasure chatting with you about guitars and piano s    
conversation_84 The Hypocrites put on really amusing stage productions . Yes  I would love to go and check Pirates  Pinafore and the Mikado.i heard that the group does them as a pajama party .That is a living dream  A pajama party and a live satirical operetta with talented musician clowns  that is something else.The use of a pillow pit might be a little bit disturbing for some .It might  And it is nice they start with sweet dreams from Eurythmics.live players doing popular music like Dream On as part of the show is surprising . They play with music and even with toys  They did release beach balls in pirates of penzance  fun.They also swap genders in the production of Pinafore . the price is not expensive      to    . Not unexpected  given that the theater only holds     or so people .How much do you like jazz. I dig it     Jazz is a music genre that originated in the African American communities of New Orleans  United States. It  is fascinating  comes from ragtime and blues and it is called the Classical music of America. Cool jazz developed near the end of the     s  and is more modern .It did spread around the world and gave origin to different styles around the world. It has spread so there is now a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition  and functional programs have jazz like harmonies .Great  I also love the dance oriented swing big bands like the Kansas city jazz. Many people  even Clint eastwood are lifelong jazz enthusiasts  and scored several films  including million dollar baby. Cool  it is funny that rapper Tupac Shakur studied jazz  acting and poetry   but became a rapper .People are often multitalented     Thanks for the chat 
conversation_85 Did you know that Jazz music originated in New Orleans .Hello   I did not know that  Do you like jazz music . It began in the early      s there and became really popular in the      s  I like all styles of music actually   Rock music  pop music  country  I like it all  .That s pretty cool  Jazz trumpeters grew goatees to provide comfort while playing .That s interesting to know   There s different styles of jazz   Gypsy jazz and Kansas City jazz .I didn t know they had those two different styles  That s really cool .Yes   Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz fan .That s cool  A Harlem woman has held free jazz concerts in her apartment for    years now .Neat   I bet that is a pain to drag up the guitars and piano  up there .I bet so too  Pakistan has a jazz orchestra .Interesting   I don t think of jazz when I think of Pakistan . Me either lol  Eddie Van Halen set his studio speakers on fire when he recorded the guitar solo for  beat it  .Whoa   His playing was literally on fire   lol  Brian May from Queen uses coins as guitar picks .That s cool I ve heard of people using coins before .It probably would give it a different sound I would think since you re strumming the strings with a metal and not plastic pick .I bet you re right on that  He also has a PHD in astrophysics .Interesting   The guitarist from Pink Floyd turned a houseboat into a recording studio   Crazy stuff .That s funny  A group climb Britain s highest mountain back in      and found a piano on top .I couldn t even imagine the ordeal it would have been for whomever had to take that piano up there originally   An aluminum grand piano weighs     pounds and that s light compared to a regular piano .Wow that s much lighter compared to a regular one .Freddie Mercury used the same piano to record Bohemian Rhapsody that Paul McCartney used to record Hey Jude .Good talking to you 
conversation_86 Do you like the piano . Yes  I like the piano  I don t know how to play it  but I think that it works well in many kinds of music . There is an aluminum grand piano that weight     pounds  Im guessing thats pretty light for a piano like that one.True  That was the one on the Hindenburg  Probably sounded pretty tinny  Aluminum  Hm . Probably yeah  theres another cool fact about a piano  a group of climbers find one in the strangest of places.I wonder why someone put a piano up there  Did they play it  Did they want others to play it  How did they put it there . I have no idea how it got there  that is a big mystery can you imagine reaching the top and theres a piano right there. A mystery  like the  mysterious mute man  found wandering the streets in England in      and could only communicate via piano. I didnt hear about that mute man  sounds like an interesting anecdote. Almost as strange as Richard Nixon s piano concerto  which he wrote and performed it live on the Tonight Show.He did  I dint know he played the piano what other instruments do you like maybe the guitar . The guitar is totally rad man  I dig it  Since its debut in       the Les Paul Gibson es     guitar has never gone out of production . I like Eddie Van Halen I heard the studio got on fire with one of his solos  so much power in that guitar.He really can shred  Setting the amp on fire  Great  Brian May of Queen built his guitar out of parts from an old fireplace and his mother s knitting needle . How the level of skill and the determination to become a guitarist  he also has a PHD in astrophysics  really intelligent man. True  Cornell university researchers built the world s smallest guitar played by a laser  about the size of a red blood cell  I bet Brian May could figure out a way to play that guitar .I bet he can he can put that PHD in astrophysics and his mad skills as a guitarist to work I think his one of the greatest of all time.The bio pic of Freddie Mercury did well at the Oscars  Rami Malek won Best Actor  I guess Queen is finally getting recognized by Hollywood . He won the Oscar right  I thought he nailed it  he was great on that movie  that movie made me cry. Great guitar and piano playing too  Anyway  thanks for the chat . I agree and also great songs in the movie  the actor that plays Brian May also looks really alike
conversation_87 hELLO.Hi there . Did you know that on april           the bbc decided there was no news worth reporting  so they broadcast piano music instead . Really  wow  I wonder how many people had TV then .Good question   Freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody as paul mccartney used to record hey jude.cool  ever hears of Eurovision . No  what s that .Song Contest in england .Oh ok   In      a group of climbers reached the top of britain s highest mountain and found a piano.neat  apparently the competition away from its usual reliance on over the top spectacle .An aluminum grand piano was built for the lounge of the airship hindenburg  it weighed only     pounds .Wow  I did not know that  Portuguese broadcaster RTP had stripped the Eurovision stage of the walls of LED screens that have become ubiquitous backdrops in recent years . When eddie van halen recorded the guitar solo for  beat it  he literally set the studio speakers on fire .Oh my gosh  DO you like Jazz . No  not really   You . Some  but Jazz is a music genre that originated in the African American communities of New Orleans . There is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition  and functional programs have jazz like harmonies . I had no idea  Jazz has roots in West African cultural and musical expression .A harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every sunday for    years  top performers occasionally stop by . Thats neat  New Orleans jazz began in the early     s  combining earlier brass band marches  French quadrilles  biguine  ragtime and blues with collective polyphonic improvisation .Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts . Clint eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast  pianist  and scored several films  including million dollar baby .Clint Eastwood movies are awesome.they are  I like grand Torino especially  what is your fave .That s great one   Unforgiven was awesome.I ll have to look that one up  Jazz trumpeters grew goatees as it provided comfort when playing .I didn t realize that   That s very interesting   Thanks for the chat .You too  Have a good day .Thanks have a great day as well.Matthew bellamy from the band muse holds the guinness world record for most guitars smashed on a tour 
conversation_88  Hello  Do you enjoy Jazz . Hi  I do not have much experience with it  and I hope to rememdy that when we go to New Orleans later this year  I hear that is where it originated . Yes  it did   I have been there  You will love it  Lots of music and energy   It was developed from the blues and ragtime .I guess Pakistan has a very good jazz orchestra . Really  I didn t know they like Jazz  that s interesting  Did you know Jazz trumpeters like to wear a goatee  It gives comfort when playing  Makes sense . I better not tell my son  or he will be trying to play my daughter s sax  Clint Eastwood is a jazz fan  and scored several films . Yes  I heard he is a lifelong pianist  Very cool  In Harlem  in a woman s apartment for    years she holds Jazz concerts  Sometimes top performers stop by  . I would love to live in that neighborhood  There is a computer program that writes in musical compositions  do you know the name of it .No what  Did you know there is a piano at the top of Britain s highest mountain  I would like to see that .I would have loved to have been in the studio when Eddie Van Halen set the speakers on fire .I know pretty crazy   Like when MJ caught his hair on fire  My goodness what s with the fire  I was interested to know about the computer program you mentioned .He was recording a solo for Beat It . Yes  hmmm seems like MJ s songs can cause fires  lol I think it would be pretty interesting to be on Pink Floyd s houseboat called Astroria   It s a recording studio .It s funny the sound that using coins as guitar picks lends to a song  Queens  guitarist does that . Yes  he likes the English sixpence   Did you know Queen s guitarist has a PHD in astrophysics  Talented and smart . I would love to have seen the piano made out of aluminum  it was on the Hindenburg . Really  yes that would be interesting to see  There must be a picture somewhere  . I would think there would be  I thought the piano was an older instrument  it was invented in      s  not really that old . True  I love to hike  I can t imagine climbing to the top of Britain s highest mountain and finding a piano  I wonder how it holds up in the elements  Maybe it was just there for a time . That is insane  I want to know more about those who hiked up there  carrying it  Why did they do it . Yes  maybe it had a fantastic sound when recording  Do you play piano  I took some lesson when I was young and sent my daughter for lessons . I do not  Thanks for chatting with me  have a great day .You too  Good chat  .Thank you 
conversation_89 Are you a fan of jazz by any chance .I like jazz but cant say I really know much about it .It s an interesting genre  Jazz trumpeters grew goatees because it provided comfort when playing .that is interesting  Tupac Shakur studied jazz when he was in baltimore school of the arts.I would not have expected that at all  Things may have gone differently for him had he followed that passion  I know that the New Orleans style of jazz started in the      s .thats over a     years ago  Jazz has been seen as a major form of musical expression since the      s.That is an old form of music especially compared to the most popular forms of music now  Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts .I never new that   Did you know that louis armstrong ended the beatles three months on the billboard top    .WOW  I didn t think anything could stop The Beatles  No offence to Armstrong but I know a lot more people that still listen to The Beatles . This is a pretty interesting guitar fact   A dial tone is in the key of f  serving as a pre internet trick to tune your guitar. WOW  That s clever  I enjoy guitar music  Queen s guitarist  Brian may  has a PHD in astrophysics .he also built a guitar out of parts from an old fire place and his mothers knitting needles   super smart.Yes  Honestly all of Queen always struck me as a very intelligent group of men  I am also a big fan . I agree  did you know that the nokia ringtone  from a      composition by spanish classical guitarist and composer francisco tarrega  called gran vals .I did not  It s been so long that I honestly can t remember what that sounded like  I wonder where the iPhone ring tone came from because I hear that everywhere lol .have you ever heard about a mute man from england that could only communicate to others with a piano. I had not heard that but it s actually quite touching that he could find a way  Speaking of piano  Freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody as paul mccartney used to record hey jude .thats interesting.I thought so  I can t play piano but I enjoy the sound  If I had the room a player piano would be nice .I like pianos I would like to learn how play one  they used to have steam piano and they were audible for miles.That must have been extremely loud up close 
conversation_90  Hi  how are doing over there on this fine evening .I am good thanks  How are you .I m doing groovy over here  Are you a fan of tennis .Not so much  I heard that the longest tennis match in history went on for    hours  I definitely would not want to watch that .What if you had money on it though  That would make it worth it .I think I would be more interested in the helicopter that dried the grass tennis courts for the      US Open .I guess hair dryers were not powerful enough then  A helicopter  That s a rich person s solution . And wait  grass tennis court  I wonder how well the ball bounced  Probaby grass cut really short but still . Yeah  there are three kinds of courts  I guess grass has its effect on the ball  Do you use Google much . Oh yeah  more than I shoud  I know I m not the only one  In      Google went down for five minutes and took    percent of web traffic with it . People are so dependent on the Internet  If civilization collapsed  the first thing they would do is search Google for a solution . Kind of related  but I have totally tried to Google things when my power is out  Haha .We can t help it  Easy to get knowledge that provides answers to daily problems  Not there when I was a kid . Google s unofficial slogal is  Don t be evil  but I sometimes think it is evil  They calculate traffic by tracking how fast Android devices are moving on the road . They are spying on us  even right now  But they do like dogs  which is pretty good right there .And they did hire live goats to mow their lawns once  That is pretty kewl .I would become a goat there if it got me stock options . Haha  So speaking of Google  I just Googled Borg vs  McEnroe  It is about one of the greatest tennis games ever played  Would you watch it .I would watch  I don t think I d bet on the outcome though  Isn t there some movie about them two .Yes I think that is the title  Shia LaBeouf stars as McEnroe  I am not really too into sports movies .It s probably mostly about personalities  McEnroe was intense  Borg was Swedish  That s enough personality for one film . Haha  hilarious  I will have to check it out 
conversation_91 Hello   Are you a tennis fan or do you play . No  my dad used to  though  It seems like it s too intense for me.I only tried playing in college to kill time   I stunk up the courts I was so bad   The longest tennis match in history went on for over    hours and was spread over   days   Crazy . Was that at one of the big competitions  like an open or Wimbledon .I m not sure   They once had to use a helicopter to dry the grass courts for the      US open   Bet that dried it fast .That was the year after the first open when a black player won  But no black player has won since.Wow   I didn t know that   Polo shirts were originally invented by a tennis player and were later adopted by polo players   Interesting .So maybe we should really be calling them tennis shirts  Just like sneakers are often called tennis shoes.lol  Good point   They say that      year old shoes perform better than modern shoes   I question that    lol.Same  How do people know  How many pairs have survived since then  And what constitutes better performance .I have no idea   I bet those would be some smelly shoes though   They say putting a dry tea bag inside smelly shoes will absorb the unpleasant odor   I ll have to try that to try that on my smelly stinky shoes  Lol lol. Oh wow  I never knew that  I actually have a huge problem with that  so that will help  Surprised I didn t learn that when I googled solutions to that problem  which I ve done like     times .I m a big googler myself   A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon  Crazy how far technology has come since then . I can t even begin to understand how that makes sense  Then again  I guess computing was done a lot by people by hand back in the    s.When google went down for   minutes in      it took    percent of the web traffic with it   I don t remember that . I don t remember that either  but it makes sense  Did you know that Google as a company officially prefers dogs over cats  .I didn t know that   I know at one time they used hundreds of live goats to mow the lawns around their headquarters   They really like their animals . Yeah  I guess it wasn t too cost effective to do that with the goats  otherwise they d keep doing it  Pretty energy efficient  though.I agree   Good was founded in        I could have sworn I remember using it before then .I remember being told about it by a teacher in      or       Like I remember her writing it on the board and another teacher telling us it was an intentional misspelling of the number googol.Interesting   I have to get going   It was nice chatting with you   Have a good night 
conversation_92  Hello  do you follow tennis .Not really  I just know each player uses a strung racket and they hit a hollow ball .Did you know Polo shirts were originally invented for tennis . I did know  I know Lacoste shirts had the crocodile and it was a symbol for Rene  the crocodile  lacoste who was a famous player .Yep  A black man won the first US open tennis title back in      and no black man has won it since .Wow  Over    years and still holding the record  I think the next year in      they used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the US open .I agree  They used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the      US open . Yes  they did  The longest tennis match went on for    hours over three days  I bet they were exhausted .That s crazy long .I agree  It s amazing the facts you can find on Google  Did you know that a single Google search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon .That s pretty amazing  I saw that Google maps calculates traffic by how fast Android devices are moving on the road .I never knew that  I wonder whose  I know I heard that back in the day Google used goats to keep the lawn under control instead of hiring people to mow .That s hilarious  Google went down for   minutes back in      and took     of the web traffic with it .I can imagine  I use it a lot  It s hard to believe its only been around since      . I agree  When there is a dispute on a border  Google maps tailors the map to the claims of each country where the internet browser is located .That sounds logical  I wish I would have gotten on board with the      initial public offering to buy stock  I can t even imagine the outcome .I can t either  Do you like shoes .I love shoes   I know that shoes made      years ago perform better than today s shoes .That s pretty amazing they perform better than the shoes of today .I agree  I can t see how though  I find it amazing the array of choices like ones that can cost thousands of dollars a pair .It was good chatting with you 
conversation_93 Hello do you like tennis .Yes  Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent or doubles . Yes   thanks for the explaination   Did you know that polo shirts were made originally for tennis players . Yes  It is more comfortable to wear while playing  and it also make the popular of the shirts .They used a helicopter to dry the grass in the      us open lol. In   th century  modern tennis is originated in England as Lawn tennis . Nice   sounds fun   The longest tennis match went on for   days   can you imagine .When this match happened  .I think around     .Thanks  The main component of tennis is racket until      a tennis player was allowed to use absolutely any object as racket .Thats interesting .Google was founded in       It is an American multinational technology company that is specialized in internet related services .Seems like a long time ago even though it wasnt . It is the biggest search engine and cloud computing service  It also many application like gmail  youtube  etc   . Yes   I recently read that a google search requires more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon lol.Google is the most valuable brand in       Google announced the new company called Calico . wow awesome   Instead of hiring people to mow the lawn   they hired goats   .The company moved to mobile android system the Chrome OS is the light weight operating system .ok   I recently read that they calculate the taffic by how fast android phones are moving .It is very interesting thing  Technology are used to identify were are we  It affect the privacy of person .I agree   Its been good chatting 
conversation_94 Do you like tennis  I just love to play the sport . I ve played it a couple time in high school gym class  I wasn t that good.i love it  Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent or in teams.I watch it sometimes when Serena Williams is playing. yeah i like to watch her play  Polo shirts were originally invented for tennis by famous player rene  the crocodile  lacoste  i love their colgne for men. Intresting  the longest match played in a polo shirt was    hours.yeah if i recall it went over three days or so. That s a long time  I don t think I ve ever done anything for   days straight. im not sure if its true but Us open quarterfinalist gael monfils beat the  roger federer of paddle tennis  after learning how to play just days earlier . Man that s crazy  almost as crazy as using a helicopter to dry grass tennis courts.yeah i have heard that as well and though it sounded really dangerous  i wonder if their were people in the crowd . I hope not  if I was there I d be cold. yeah  In       serena and venus williams said they could beat any man ranked     or worse in a game of tennis  they lost when challenged twice lol. lol  well she did win the australian open when she was ranked   th.i have heard Serena williams is a co owner of the miami dolphins. I didn t know that  she speaks french and italian so I wonder if she owns any sports teams in Europe. not sure but In january       serena williams was ranked   th in the world in tennis.I never knew she was ever ranked that low. well she reached the No    ranking for the first time on July         but has since fallen. Wow  shes so good though  she won a grand slam while pregnant.I guess in my opinion her and her sister are kinda overated . I don t know  maybe
conversation_95  Have you heard of the new  First Man  film starring Ryan Gosling . No  I have not   Please tell me about it .It s a space movie   He plays the character of Neil Armstrong   It was released Friday .Did you watch the movie   Was it really a space movie .I haven t seen it yet   Today was the first time I heard of it .It is hard to talk about this movie if we both have not seen it   Can we change the topic .Let s talk about Earth   It s the third planet from the sun . Apparently     percent of the earth s natural forests have already been destroyed   It s depressing to me .That is sad for sure   Sad that people are the cause of it too . When the earth was first formed  there was only     hours long in a day   .Wow   I didn t know that      percent of the earth s surface is covered by water   I wonder what covers the polar regions . Ice   I am not sure though   Apparently  earth will be helium free by the end of the   st century .Yes   Ice is right   It s almost like the history of the earth is like watching a science fiction movie only in real life . I like science fiction   I like to imagine things  like aliens in a different planet .Do you like Starship Troopers . Yes  because it is the only science fiction novel recommended by three branches of the military   I wonder why they recommended it though   do you know .I have no idea   lol  The word robotics was made up by a book writer   Isaac Asimov   Seems like robots and space are always a big theme for science fiction books and movies . By the way  do you know that the United Nations appointed an ambassador to greet extraterrestrials in case they want to say hello to us . That s interesting   What a job to have   That s just like something out of the movie Star Wars  which came out in      and the value of that franchise is now     billion dollar  .Wow   That is a lot of money   I heard that it is currently the  th largest grossing media franchise .Initially   th century fox was convinced that Star Wars was going to be a flop   Wow we re they wrong .They were wrong indeed   George Lucas got a better deal by forgoing     k directing fee . James Earl Jones only made        for       hours of work providing the voice for Darth Vader   Thought he would have spent more time and made more money recording that voice .I do not think       is a lot of money to provide Darth Vader s voice because the movie was very successful   What do you think .I wonder if the actors get any royalties from the movie .They should   George Lucas should be generous since he got so much money from Star Wars .You would think   He s a billionaire from the movie .Rich people are often cheap .That s sad   but so true   I ve seen it too much during my working lifetime where the people at the top get richer and the workers on the factory floor just barely have enough money to live on . I wonder if someone was fired at fox because of George Lucas deal  Anyway  I ve got to run   Nice chatting with you 
conversation_96 Dogs or cats . Hi  I have two cats  but want a dog  You . I like dogs more  but dont mind cats  Google likes dogs more though.Hah  I see their code of conduct state they are a DOG company . lol  I heard you can bring you dog to work while working there  kind of discriminating against cats though .Kinda odd since dogs are normally louder and more likely to poop somewhere  Looks like Istanbul even has vending machines to release food and water for strays . that is a great point  The US needs to get those vending machines  I would donate so many plastic bottles  That is nice of that country.I wonder where else the dogs go if not for vencing machines . right  they probably go for trash cans unfortunately  Did you know dogs have    types of blood .Makes sense for variety  Apparently they have doggie blood drives too . that would be so awesome to volunteer at  I will have to look them up  Did you know dogs and elephants are the only animals that respond to pointing  sorry cats. My cats responding to pointing  and throwing . That is true  so I wonder if there are more we don t know about lol  Do you like horses at all .I took a horse ride once and live in an area with lots of horses  They are beautiful animals  you . They are so beautiful  I like petting them but never rode one  I wouldn t ride Icelandic horses because they are super fast .I wonder if riders trained horses to do that .I am sure they did  I just wouldn t ride horses to school on no vehicle day and get suspended like two students did  I feel that was pointless.That s funny and rather stupid at the same time . For sure lol  it was so nice talking with you  say hi to your cats for me . My cats will run away  but sure .lol  bye now 
conversation_97 Crazy that early humans used to have to battle giant sloths  Who would ve thought . I know right  Humans have been around for a long time apparently I mean we lost our body hair         years ago . Yea that s really interesting  I never knew humans could regrow a rib bone that has been surgically shortened  either .No I didn t know that either  I wonder if other animals can do that  Like can we Harvest Pig ribs for food and then they will regrow that way we don t have to kill the pig haha.That would be awesome  I m sure science will figure that out someday  We can already use our current technology to date the extinction of ground sloths and determine where ancient human footprints led to .That s really cool  I would love to see that  They should put that in the movie  I think it s cool that humans are adapted for persistence running  We are some of the best animals in the world at it.Haha yea that would be cool  That s really surprising humans are the best at persistence running  I wouldn t have guessed that  As long as those pesky hiccups don t attack while running  Darn evolution leftovers . Haha yep hiccups are so annoying  So is that frequency that causes fear in humans  have you heard about that LOL . No  I had not  So fear comes from sound     I thought it had to do with the autonomic nervous system  fight or flight thing  That would be really interesting to look into further  .Can come from sound  And yes I m going to look into that further as well  Do you like any animals by the way . I used to own two cats  no current pets though  I would love to go to Japan and play with some cats at a cat cafe though  haha.Haha that does seem like a great idea  Get a drink and pet a cat LOL  Did you know that a cat will spend    years of its life sleeping when it s only    years old LOL that s a long time. That is nuts  What I wouldn t give to trade places  Or trade places with Stubbs  the cat who is the mayor of Talkeentna  Alaska  Sounds like a sweet gig .It does sound awesome  I don t know what kind of work she does but she must be doing a great job lol have you ever seen the movie The Godfather by the way.Right  Haha And yea I ve seen the Godfather but it s been a while . Well in the opening scene the cat that they use  I don t know if you remember that part  but it was actually a stray apparently. Yea  I vaguely remember  that s awesome  Another sweet gig for a cat  Now if only I woulda thought to have one of my cats coauthor a book with me  I guess some physicist did so so that he could use the first person plural without being criticized .That is funny  What do you think about Scotland putting a lot in place to protect the Loch Ness monster  Do you think that means he might exist LOL. Haha that is strange  It definitely makes one wonder   maybe the loch ness is some super secret scientific experiment or military weapon  Haha I guess thanks to the Germans  who in      were the first to give animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights  Scotland can do what it wants concerning the Loch Ness .The Loch Ness monster should have legal rights to  Did you know that there are    quintillion individual animals on planet Earth  I have no idea how many zeros that is but I know it is a lot LOL.Haha that is insane  How does anyone even figure out that there s that many animals   Interesting that domesticated animals develop a white patch on their forehead  I wonder what that s about . I know right  like will a fish get a patch of white on its forehead the only animals that have that that I ve ever seen our dogs  so I just don t know LOL
conversation_98  Hi  Do you like to cook .I love to cook  just not in july when it is so hot . Right  it s no fun when it is hot and you re trying to cook  We like to grill a lot outside  which helps not make our home more hot .Grilling out is the best to help with the heat inside the house  If I have to cook in the house i do it early in the morning before it gets too hot . Yes that s another great idea  We also sometimes eat out if it is way too hot  or eating something like salads or cereal  Where we aren t using heat at all .That is a great idea  We tend to eat leftovers too and just use the micorwave . The microwave is great and fast  I agree  Making Icecream is a great way to cool down when it gets too hot  We also tend to use box fans .We use a fan for sure  Also started using like a slow cooker or toaster oven not as hot and now can fit up to a whole chicken . Great appliances help to cook  We love our air fryer  Though it tends to eat up the area some  so we open the doors and dim the lights to help with the heat .I heard some people turn their wrist upside down  to get their blood flowing to stay cool . Wow great information  I will have to try that sometime  Do you like to eat fish or even go fishing .I love to fish  the oldest goldfish lived to be    years old. Wow that is a long life for a goldfish  I like to go crabbing too  I heard the seahorse is the only fish with a neck  I.THere was a koi fish that lived     years.Whoa  That is crazy to know and interesting  I know there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal .Cool the barreleye fish has a transparent head . Awesome  I heard that saltwater fish dink water through their mouths and through their skin  while a freshwater fish only drinks through their skin  Fish are fascinating .That is pretty cool  Do you like to bird watch . There are times when i Do like to look at the birds  how about you  Did you know that birds bones are really hollow  So hollow in fact that their skeleton weighs less than their feathers .thats neat  They have then thousand living species . That s cool  Some birds are known to fly from Alaska to mexico without sleeping  that is tiring to think about .o wow  I wonder how many days that takes  Scientist say birds have regional accents . That is cool how they even have accents like humans  My favorite is the hummingbird  they are tiny sometimes about   inches long .They are the smallest birds and the ostrich is the biggest  Some birds don t fly .This reminds me of the extinct dodo bird  They were actually a sub family of pigeons .pigeons are one of   birds that produce milk for their young .Very cool  Pigeons are very pretty birds 
conversation_99 Hi do you like tennis .Oh yeah  I pick up a racket and hit the net when I can .Nice   Did you know that polo shirts were invented for tennis and only later adopted by polo players . Ha  That s weird  I didn t know that  Tennis has an interesting history  Did you know that until       a tennis player could use any object as a racket .Nice   I wonder if anyone ever tried to use something wacky   A black man won the  st US open tennis title in      and no black man has won it since . Wow  Not since       You know  Serena Williams has increasingly found her voice and spoken out against gender and racial inequality  . Yes   Did you know that she speaks fluent French and Italian  as does her sister Venus . She is truly fascinating  She does it all  She is the first tennis player  male or female  to achieve the career Golden Slam in both singles and doubles  That means she won at least one Australian Open title  French Open title  Wimbledon title  US Open title  and Olympic Gold medal .That s pretty incredible   They used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the      US Open . That s a little before Serena s time  Although  did you know she went pro in tennis at the age of      I could barely even get a ball over the net when I was    .lol  I do remember that   Both her and her sister brought alot of good publicity to the sport . That is for sure  Two girls from Compton came and conquered  In total  Serena has been Number   for     weeks  .That is incredible   The longest match in tennis history went on for    hours and was spread over   days   Wow .Are you kidding me  Three days   That s a long time  I don t have that kind of patience  Speaking of long records    did you know the longest point in pro tennis history was a     shot rally .Wow   That would have been fun to watch   not so fun for the players  lol. Yeah  It lasted    minutes  I bet it was pretty exhilarating  but also probably pretty exhausting  I would certainly be out of breath after    minutes .lol me too   Are you a fan of rap music . Oh yeah  Tennis reminds me a little of rap  since they re both so fast paced  Did you know the world s fastest rapper can rap at a rate of      syllables per second .Holy smokes I wouldn t be able to listen that fast   lol  It s been fun chatting with you . Then maybe you could try the deaf rapper  Signmark  He rhymes in sign language  You don t have to listen at all  I m going to go try to find some on the internet  Goodbye .I ll have to look him up   Have a great night 
conversation_100 What do you think of Serena Williams .I really like her .Have you seen the Nike ads .I haven t but I hear they are really powerful messages in this age of people stepping forward about sexual harassment .It is all about there is no wrong way to be a woman . Yes  ans inequality among races and gender  I like Serena .I really think she is a great driving force and a good role model to girls . Yes  definitely  I agree  She is happy to have such a powerful platform to try and pave the way for upcoming generations  .Very true   Did you now polo shirts were initially invented be a famous tennis player .That is interesting  Did you know in Tennis years ago you were allowed to use any object as your racket  Haha. Really  like a shoe .Any object  So yes lol    must have been interesting   As funny as if you grunt   before a shot   it is by some considered to be cheating . Really  there is so much grunting in tennis   The longest match was    hours long over   days . Wow  I could never last that long  Speaking of Serena Williams  I didn t know she went pro at age     That is amazing    and she is co owner of the Miami Dolphins   wow . She co owns the dolphins and was a pro at      Wow  she is really incredible .I think she is  Speaking of amazing   imagine this   the worlds fastest rapper can rap      syllables per second . That is crazy  can anyone even understand that . I am not sure but I would love to hear it  Talk about funny  McDonald s at one time paid rappers   bucks every time they said Big Mac in their songs hahahaa    crazy.I bet they were dropping Big Mac lines like crazy . I bet they were too  lol  There is even a rapper who is deaf  he raps in sign language  very interesting . Wow  Id like to watch that   Great Chat   Have a great night 
conversation_101 hi how are you doing over there on that side of the internets.Hi  Hope you re doing well  So are you a fan of The Walt Disney Company  One of my favorite characters is Minnie Mouse and I was surprised to recently find out her name is short for Minerva Mouse .i like disney though i havent watched a disney film in a while  i do like minnie  she is cute as the dickens . Well there s actually a hidden subculture dedicated to finding hidden Mickey mouse images in all things Disney  you should definitely check out . i guess if you find a mickey  you win something  if i find one  i guess i should tell others and not keep it secret . That s a good point  Ha  Unless they change the locations up   Are you also a fan of Bill Nye  He actually served as a science consultant on Flubber  believe it or not .i guess he knows a bit about the science of hypothetical substances  he is an entertaining fellow for sure . Indeed he is  I also think it s amazing that Big Hero   was rendered with a        core supercomputer  That is amazing .that is astonishing  i wonder how many processors theyll need for big hero    i dint see the other big hero movies . Probably a lot more than         Ha  Did you ever see Wall E  If so  the name is actually a tip of the hat to Walter Elias Disney himself .that is cute  i wondered why they pickt such a strange name for a robot but now i see  but he dint have a mustache . You re right  I don t think he did  Ha  I d like to see Wall E with factual hair like Kanye West s  I bet that d be funny  Speaking of Kanye  you know he believes aids is man made  .yes Kanye is an oddball when it comes to science .That is true  But he does do cool stuff every now again like the time he gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at one of his concerts  That was nice of him .i think that he undersatnds entertainment good but he doesnt have the knowledge for science .True  I loved how he did an SNL skit where he mocked himself interrupting award shows ironically two years before he interrupted Taylor Swift at an award show  Ha .he knew the depths of his depravity and told the whole world first  i think that is honest of him. Agreed  Since we re on the subject of rap  are you a fan of Tupac  I m so glad his music is in the library of Congress of cultural significance  He was a talented musician . Tupac is not my cup of tea but the man could rap the street an urban lullaby  Anyway  great chat .Indeed he could  I also think Eminem can as well  I m glad he became a rapper instead of becoming a comic book artist as he wanted to do growing up  Oh what might have been .he could still DO that  the man has got years in front of him and tales of the street to tell  Have a good one . So true  And speaking of Eminem  it s hilarious the judge who was trying a suit against Eminem back in      delivered her ruling in the form of a rap  Glad some judges still have a sense of humor  Ha  Well it was great chatting with you  Take care .You too  have a good night .You have a good evening as well  I m off to watch the Rugrats movie to see if I recognize Busta Rhymes  voice in it as the Reptar wagon  Ha  Take care 
conversation_102 Disney Land   World released officlal Mickey Mouse ears   rainbow colors   for Pride Month recently  Disney    When did they wake upd   get tolerant  . Yeah that is interesting  I guess they started that in       it sounds like a lot of people on Twitter were upset too.About Pride Month or something else . I think they were mad that one of the rapper s was supporting president Trump  and they were very happy to hear that Disney was making the LGBT ears or something like that  I don t pay attention to Twitter so I m not a hundred percent sure. Got it  Yeah  the rapper is Kanye West  Another singer  John Legend  asked West to  reconsider . Speaking of Disney  what are you like about their movies  Did you know that for instance Minnie Mouse s real name is Minerva LOL. Nope  Glad they used the nickname  Minnie  What s your favorite Disney film . I really like The Little Mermaid and I also like The Lion King  what about you  I don t really like Wall e myself. Lion King was a fav of mine  Loved James Earl Jones  who voiced the father lion character  Little Mermaid had some great music like  Under the Sea   Disney is a huge studio today. Yes I agree with you  I also like the movie Big Hero    have you seen it  Apparently it was rendered using a       core supercomputer.Haven t seen  Wonder what that computer looks like   Apple makes a lot of computers used by artists   filmmakers . Yep you re right about that  Back to Kanye West though  what do you think about him giving a mic to one of his fans in a wheelchair at a concert  That was nice of him. Agree  but calling Trump a  brother  went too far  Trump is no bro  Kanye is big music celeb  though . Yeah  he s definitely an interesting guy  his ideas are not always good though  for instance he thinks that aids is a man made disease. Heard that  Since when did people create viruses like HIV  West has made a lot of big     producing records  fwith influences from soul  to electro to gospel . Yes that s a really crazy thing  Kind of like when he mocked himself on SNL for interrupting someone at an awards show  and then did it in real life to Taylor Swift  definitely the guy has some issues. Think so  His main genre  Rap  is huge  though  Has lots of components  like what is said  rhythm or flow  and tone  Are you a fan of Rap . Yes I do like rap  I mostly like Tupac Shakur stuff  apparently some of his music is in the Library of Congress actually.bout time  Some folks say Rap hip hop definitely has West African roots   and is based on religious worship . Yeah I can see that  I would like to see a compliment battle actually  those are really popular in Korea  I think it s a much more positive thing than a diss battle that I usually see. Great idea  Some rap lyrics don t seem to have anything to do w praise  do they . Yes  mostly they are meant to make fun of other people LOL but I think a compliment battle is actually a very smart thing and would promote positivity
conversation_103  Humans may have lost their body hair as recently as         years ago  Do you know  . That is fascinating  also like the evidence scientists discovered in New Mexico  ancient humans against giant sloths .Scientists recently found a human print inside a ground sloth s paw marks . It must be really popular as each year about         people visit the museum  humans dont stop to amaze me . NIce  Animals and plants synthesize their own vitamin c  But humans cannot . That sure is an interesting fact  you know humans can regrow ribs and they will be as strong as before in about     months. Yes  But there is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans .I bet that frequency is used a lot in horror films .Yes  Both human and animals are live together  I make our eco system  The special branch of science to study animals is called zoology .Its amazing how there are more than   million species of animals and there are more to discover .There are about    quintillion animals on planet earth . Wow  that is a lof animals for sure  you know that animals have constitutional rights in Germany . In      Scottish protection of animals act  the loch ness monster is a protected species . Really  I though the Loch Ness monster was a myth  or maybe its a  safety measure in case they actually discover the monster .Alaska has had a cat named stubbs as its mayor since      . I wonder how mayor Stubbs makes all the decisions lol  did you watch the movie The Godfather .There are cat cafes in Japan and Taiwan where people can pay hourly to play with cats and have drinks . Not sure if I would pay for that lol  do you have a cat . Yes  Its very naughty and its one of family memebers . I also have a cat  Ive always wondered what breed it is since there are over    breeds registered .Amazing  Its very nice to hear this . You know the cat in The Godfather  well it was actually a stray cat that happened to be around the set  I bet its life change forever as it is now a movie star 
conversation_104 do you know much about humans .I know that we lost the body hair only quarter of a million years ago.pretty recent  Do you know why we are good persistence runners .that is because we used to be hunters and that came in handy.yeah  Did you know we are the only ones that cannot synthesize vitamin c ourselves .yeah we are missing the enzyme that helps with that.Yeah  Did you know there is a sound frequency that scares us .I really want to know what that sounds like.Me too  ANd we can regrow ribs if they are surgically removed.yes and in only     months and just as strong as before.Yeah  Do you know how many individual animals are there .About    quintillion but I have no idea how many zeroes it has.Haha true  Do you have a pet . I have a dog and two cats  and you .I have just a dog  Do your pets have white patches in the forehead . they do not but I hear domesticated animals develop them  weird. Yeah I know  mine do not have them either  confusing a bit.Agreed  DO you know why we have hiccups .that us from back in the day when animals had gills and lungs.Yeah  Do you know what the Loch Ness Monster is .Yes that is the believed to be monster in Scotland
conversation_105 Do you like Tennis . I do not  but I am a fan of Serena Williams  ever since she voiced a character in Avatar  The Last Airbender .I didn t know she did that   She speaks fluent French and Italian . She s great  There is a rapper who is deaf  and rhymes in sign language . That is interesting   Tupac Shakur s music is in the library of congress of  cultural significance .Did you know that Serena Williams co owns the Miami Dolphins .I didn t know that   In      she was ranked   th in the world . It s hilarious that McDonalds pays rappers    for each time they mention big macs in songs  I m surprised one hasn t just said  big mac  the entire time .lol true   Big Mac sounds like it would be a good rapper name   Eminem s true dream was to become a comic book artist before he was a rapper . Donald Glover s name came from a Wu Tang Clan name generator  I would have loved to have seen how many he rejected  before settling on  Childish Gambino  . I know right   Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle rap called  compliment battle   Never heard of that before . It s fascinating to know that the term  hip hop  comes from the   th century  and means  to converse  .I didn t know that   In      a Michigan judge delivered a ruling in the form of a rap when judging over a suit filed against Eminem   I bet that was funny to hear in the court room .That is funny  It is asinine that grunting can be considered cheating in tennis  How insane is that .I agree   It s always so quiet during tennis matches .I would have liked to have seen the matches when they were permitted to use anything as a racket  I think they ended that in the    s .That would have been interesting   Polo shirts were originally invented bor tennis and later adopted for polo players . I just admire Serena for speaking up for women s rights  even though it comes at a great personal cost to her  She truly is a warrior for women .I agree   In      she shaid that both she and her sister Venus could beat any man ranked     or worse .I have zero ideas how rankings work in tennis  I think it is appalling for a little girl to be told she was too black for tennis whites  That is the epitome of racism right there .You know it 
conversation_106 Hi Do you know that disney has a new line of Mickey ears. AWWW  really  How cute and I would love to get some for my kids  I love Minnie her actually name is Minerva  Cute .Wall e was given that name to remember walter disney. How adorable  I never knew that  We are really into the subcultural of finding the hidden mickey mouse image in all things disney  its a fun hobby  .yeah had seen few videos of the easter eggs of mickey in every production. Oh wow  thats cool  I never heard about that one either  I know Bill Nye was involved with disney  he is a funny scientist  .for flubber well pretty rare to involve a scientist for a fictional movie    good move by the team. Yea  good point  It was a great movie and well done  I havent watched it in a really long time though  Disney changed its name in       They make bold moves .bold moves  may be a  album with Kanye west would be boldest and unimaginable. Oh boy  yeah  Kayne West I heard that he believes AIDS is a man made disease  huh .really   I think something is wrong with that man. Yeah  odd thinking  He also did a skit about interrupting on awards show   years prior to really doing it  The skit was on SNL and he was mocking himself   .still could not to resist to do it with taylor   Oh boy he truly know about his future may be he was feeling dejavu. Yeah  good point  Out of the top    most successful songs of all time is one of his actually .pretty much unbelievable may be he should save his talent only for music and avoid talk shows.Thats some sound advice  His Gold Digger song was really fun to listen to but thats about it .Do you know that eminem s dream is to become a comic book artist. No way  really  I like him but never knew that  I heard that Tupac has music in the library of congress as cultural significance   That is pretty cool  I think .Once a judge gave her ruling in form of Rap where eminem is charged. HA  thats pretty clever  I guess that Eminem had a favorite character and it was Spiderman  Good thing he stayed with music and rapping .good chatting with you
conversation_107 Are you a fan of Disney . I am  my favorite movie is probably Lion King  What about you .Lion King rocks  I think they are making a new one really soon  I liked Beauty and the Beast and even Moana was great.I really enjoyed the soundtrack of Moana  Beauty and the Beast also had a pretty good one .For sure  Did you ever watch Big Hero   . I have  it was an excellent movie  What about you . I liked it a lot  I never knew it was Disney too much while watching it  apparently it was rendered with a        core supercomputer.Talk about high tech  Bill Nye was a scientist consultant for Disney s flubber . no way  That is awesome  I never knew that  lol  Bill Nye is the man .Pixar also named wall e after walter elais disney . that is a nice shout out to walter disney  I like the other shout outs too  there is a subculture dedicated to finding hidden mickey mouse images in disney things. Speaking of mickey mouse  Minnie mouse was short for Minerva mouse . no way  all these short names  I never knew that  I wonder where the name Minerva went.Do you listen to rap music . I used to love listening to Rap music  not so much anymore  but still enjoy it  How about you .I do not listen to them too much as I prefer other types of music . I like Korean Rap  they have compliment rap battles lol. Ah  the infamous k pop  I have listened to some of that here and there . Me too  even North Korea has a form of kpop  It was so nice chatting with you .It was nice chatting with you too  Thank you for you time . Thank you also  enjoy your night 
conversation_108 Hello  Do you like the Star Wars movies .I love them  some of my favorites  how about you .I love them too   I ve even read some of the books and played a few star wars video games .oh what games have you played  I used to play a lot of them but the more recent ones havent been great. Some of the older ones  I can t remember the names off the top of my head but one was a race game  where you raced in ships on different planets tracks .oh probably the Episode   podracer game  that was a goood one  I cant believe how successful its become after George Lucas made that one movie way back in the   s. I know   Hey  did you know that his wife worked on the movie too   She even won an academy award .she did   what for . She did some editing work on some scenes   She worked on obi wan s death  leia s good luck kiss  and the trench run .thats awesome  Did you know Ewan McGregors brother goes by Obi Two . No I didn t but that s neat   I don t think I asked  but what games do you or did you play . I played the old Super Star Wars games on the SNES  and Knights of the Old Republic on Xbox  Those games were awesome. Those sound familiar   Yeah  the older games and movies were better   Speaking of older  i heard that James Earl Jones only spent a little over two hours recording his Darth Vadar lines and he was paid         I imagine he d make a lot more if he were doing that today .he probably would make no less than    k a day  that voice is so iconic.It really is   The Force Awakens movie just didn t do him or Vader justice in my opinion .you see I liked Force Awakens a lot  I like Kylo Ren  its a different spin because he conflicted and not just all big bad and evil. Okay  I got my new movies mixed up  I liked kylo ren too  What I didn t like is seeing Hans Solo die if that s the right movie  The one  I meant about vadar was the new movie about a young darth vadar .oh yea Han died in Force Awakens  did you know Star Wars is technically responsible for Titanic and Avatar existing .No I didn t  How is that . James Cameron decided to join the film industry after watching star wars  he drected those   films.I guess Star Wars is inspiring in more ways than one 
conversation_109 Hey there what do you think about planet Earth  It s amazing that Earth has only one natural satellite aka the Moon. Oh  really  That is really interesting . It is interesting  but something that s sad is that four fifths of the world s natural forests have been destroyed  We need to do better with the planet I think. I think so too  I can t believe when the earth was first formed  one day was     hours long .I know right  do you think that days are getting longer overtime  Like will we have a    hour day at some point in the future. I m not sure  but I hope not  that is way too long . What do you think about the United Nations appointing an ambassador to extraterrestrials  I wonder what he does all day  sounds like the most boring job in the world because obviously we haven t had contact yet. It must be very boring  If we ever do have contact  I wonder if they would tell us . That s a good point  Scary thing about our current trajectory is that Earth will be out of helium by the year       I know that you love him very important for manufacturing things so I don t know what we ll do. It s very scary to think about  hopefully we don t . What other interesting fact  is that if all of history was    hours  humans would only take up about   minute worth of the    hours  isn t that wild to think about .It s very interesting  It s amazing how long the earth has sustained life .Yes Earth has been around for a long time for sure  So interesting to me is that Earth is about     covered with water  The other     is land and various Islands . Yeah  I found that out a few years ago  there is so much ocean that hasn t been explored  Can you imagine what is in there .I know right  I always wanted to go treasure hunting and get some gold from like sunken ships or something haha  Do you like science fiction by the way .I think it s great to learn about . Yes I think it s interesting  one cool thing to is that NASA has a list of space technology words that writers can use so that they are making accurate statements in the movie.That is awesome  I seen something about starship troopers is the only science fiction novel that is used by three of the five branches in the us military . Yep you re right  Have you seen the movie  The movie is really violent but I liked it  it s from the director of Robocop  I can t believe it s on the military reading list though. Yeah me either  A judge in      s tried to ban science fiction comics  Get this  because there was a black character  . Yeah that s horrible  interesting that the term  robotic  was created by a science fiction author  you d think that it would have been an actual science term  and this happened back in      haha. I know right  haha  well it was nice talking to you  I ve got to fix dinner now  Bye    
conversation_110  Hi  how are you . Great  Did you know that Oscar Isaac requested that his character in The Force Awakens be from Yavin    because he s from Guatemala and that s where the Yavin   scenes were shot in the original trilogy .I did not know that  I was also shocked to learn that George Lucas s wife won an emmy while he did not . Huh  he didn t win an Emmy for the Star War Christmas special  Haha  In      Star Wars was the first film to be dubbed into a Native American language    Navajo  .I find it sad that this was not done until       Don t you think it should have been earlier than that . You would think  It is sad  For the original Star Wars movie  James Earl jones only got paid       and recorded all of his lines in just   and a half hours  Talk about a bargain  .Yeah  That does work out to a great hourly rate though  The total value of the star wars franchise is    B . And that s after they studio thought it was going to flop  so Lucas gave up his     k directing fee in return for licensing and merchandising rights  Maybe one of the best business decisions ever made .Yeah  Do you know what he sold to Disney for  How much   . Seems like it was over a billion  Back to Lucas s wife    she had a lot of the best ideas for the original movie  like Obi Wan s death  .I cried when I saw that part  Still makes me sad  She also suggested Leia s good luck kiss   .And re edited the trench run scene to make it more suspenseful  Those are some big contributions  Much deserving of the editing Oscar . I agree  I think star wars is getting too watered down  with average movies like Solo and New Hope  They were ok movies but not up to the quality we have come to know about the franchise .Totally agree  I did LOVE the spin off Rogue One though from       That one felt like a true Star Wars movie from back i the day .I did like that one  I thought that had a good story and nice acting  There s a reason why they are the most successful film merchandising franchise .Definitely  I also like the diversity of the films  Did you know in the      s a judge tried to ban a sci fi comic because one of the characters was black  Crazy .Very unfair  Isn t  s he supposed to be just  Weighing the decisions of the land so that everyone is treated fairly . The    s were a different time  unfortunately  One of the first sci fi stories is thought to be from ancient Greece  over      years ago  about plant based aliens living on the moon .Who thinks of these stories  I guess it is more of a commentary on my lack of creativity .Haha  Isaac Asimov coined the term Robots in       I d have thought it was much older than that .Yeah  That seems young  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_111  hi  did you watch the movie titanic . Yes  I watched the movie several times and for me it was touching .Yes it always is  did you know the founder of Hershey was going to be in the ship but had to cancel due to work. No  I didn t know that  are you aware if or not the titanic was found in real life .Yeah and there are even picture of the iceberg that sunk the titanic. Leonardo DiCaprio is one of my favorite actor  do you have a favorite actor .I do not think I have a favorite one but he was soo good in the titanic. If you had to bucket list  what will be number on your bucket list .travel the world and explore as many countries as possible   and you . About the same travel the world  visit places that I have never visit before  no matter how far .yeah that would be incredible  d o you like dogs . Yes  I like dogs  I have a german shepard  but I also will like to have a husky if I live in the mountains .That is really nice  they can have one of the    types of blood. Do you have a dog  If yes what breed of dog and his name .I do not unfortunately for now  Maybe later  Dogs can also donate blood that is so cool. Wow  that is cool  do you know any of your personal friend s dog that donated blood . No  none that I know  In Istanbul they have vendin machines that dispense food and water for dogs. Ok  do you like horse  If you do  have you rode a horse before .I have ridden a horse before and they are my favorite animals  How about you . Yes  I rod a once  I was raised on a farm and all my friends had a horse except me .THey are such gentle creatures  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_112 Do you watch the Red Sox . I do  what do you think about Prices injury . It sucks that he is injured  a friend of mine had the same problem from typing on the computer . Yeah I guess carpal tunnel is a pretty common injury  it seems like his problem is related to gaming. Yeah  I guess that is better than Tommy John problems  . Well the team manager must be really mad  after all David is one of the key pieces of the team  he said his been playing for a while now  since he was    so I wonder if playing games is really the cause. Yeah  he is a great player  Did you know video games were orignally used by the military  . No I didnt  I always thought they were used for entertainment although I know the millitary use them currently. I know  it was probably for some type of war game  .What are your thoughts on the name   Cathode Ray Tube Amusement Devices    .I play them every now and then  LOL. I think its a really long and boring name lol  I do like to play video games as well do you have a PlayStation system . No  I used to though  I didn t like the games that were coming out on it  . I see well I bought one and used to play fifa     that was the last game that came our for the PlayStation   model .I used to play that too  Did you Tom Hanks brother does woody s voice in video games . I didnt  he has a great voice  you know that Stephen Fry is also a game narrator  he narrater the voice for some games. Yeah  I heard that  Apparently playstation  s are being used to research blackholes  . Wow it sounds like the consol has a lot of power  it must be cheaper than building a computer capable of doing that  the department of defense also used them to build a supercomputer  in fact      units. yeah  apparently they used them to build a super computer  I wonder if they were actually playing grand theft auto . I dont about that but something funny happened to the company  they issued and unlock code for the ps  by accident  they were prosecuting people that did the same things before them . Wow  did you ever try any of the baseball games on playstation . I did  but I rather watch the games than to play them on a video game console  do you like baseball . Yeah  me too  I like baseball a lot  I played when I was younger  
conversation_113 Hello  How are you today . Hello  I m great thanks for asking  Do you like video games . I do  I ve been playing for over    years now  how about you .I have been playing for about    years now  I saw video games were originally called cathode ray tube amusement devices .Say that ten times fast haha  Did you know it is illegal for kids    and under to play video games past midnight . Haha  I did not know that  but maybe that s a good idea  .I agree  Do you have a playstation or xbox .I have a PS   What about you .I have an xbox  I wonder when the playstation came out .I love Sony so I ve always stuck with Playstation .I had the playstation and playstation   but then jumped to xbox  I think it s cool the military uses playstation   s to build a supercomputer .That is very cool  They are super powerful devices so it makes sense to me .Do you like to watch baseball at all .I love baseball  What about you .Same here  I didn t know it was more popular in Japan than it is here .Me either  It s a huge past time here in America  I m excited for opening day .Who do you like to watch .I love the Cincinnati Reds  What about you . I m not a fan of a team but like watching it in general  Anyways  Great chatting with you .I think the same  It was good talking to you too .Have a great day 
conversation_114 Hello  Do you play any video games .I do play games   I enjoy the call of duty game series .I also enjoy that game  Did you know video games were initially called cathode ray tube amusement devices and were used by the military . Yes  cathode ray tubes have come and gone and the game plays on   I have a Playstation    but no plans to upgrade   .I have a ps  as well  I dont see the point to buying a ps   This one is all I need as well . The game Destiny turned me off gaming   It was fun to play  but it demands network connectivity   Sometimes the old games are just fun   Donkey Kong and Mario are still OK   I see Fifa    works on PS   PS  and PS  .I was never into soccer games  I liked Madden though  Did you know that ps s are being used to research black holes . Yes  people let them run and they network together   Sort of like the      PS  s used by the department of defense to make a super computer   Never tried Madden .Never played madden  You will have to try it  How about grand theft auto  Have you played that one .I do indeed love GTA   I want to say that I played early rev levels on a PC   It was a different game back then  FUDGE RIPPLE   I will search for a disk and see if it is audio .THe original game when played in a cd player would play the soundtrack to the game .Interesting   Have you ever had carpel tunnel syndrome brought on by playing games .Actually I have  I dont know if that is why I got it though  I was typing a lot for work when I got it . Yes  it can be a big deal   Imagine a Major League Baseball player missing games because of carpel tunnel   LOL .I can imagine it  It really is painful  Did you know that baseball managers wear a uniform because they are allowed to play if needed . Haha   Imagine if your boss could sit in for you at work   He would be steamed if you said   I have a Fortnite related injury and must sit this out   .He would be steamed and I would be totally embarrassed  Lol  Did you ever play soccer baseball  That s what Canadians call kickball .Kickball on the playground  What fun   David Price is the MLB player with a     million dollar seven year contract   Cant play ball games   Perhaps because of video games  He might try kick ball .Maybe he should  What did you think about that guy findin   million dollars worth of old baseball cards in his grandpas attic .Finding   million dollars worth is like finding an unlock code for life .It wouldn t guarantee you win the game but it would sure make it a lot easier  Lol  Have a great day .Have a good day 
conversation_115 hey there do you watch any shows on Netflix. Yes I have a subscription  been watching The Office   They have come out with their own originals too called Netflix Original   What about you . oh ya I love stranger things and other shows they have  I do the digital though not with dvds. Oh no I don t do DVDs either just the streaming service   It s too bad it doesn t have Game of Thrones though  that show has gotten    emmy awards .I do like GOT  George RR Martin is the author and a genius .It is such a hit parents are naming their kids Arya   Only a couple more months until the last season starts . ya I can t wait  weird that charlie Chaplins granddaughter is in the show too . Wonder if they ever offered Tom Cruise a part  he has won so many awards for best actor  they probably can t afford him . ya  he is a great actor though  so many classic roles like Maverick in Top gun and Ron Kovic in Born on the Fourth of July.Yeah I really like him in The Last Samurai   He spend time learning Japanese and swordplay on this own to prepare for the role   Good on him . yup I like that movie  I never realized samurai was plural and refers to the whole group and not just Tom Cruise haha. I liked him in Rainman too  that movie won Best Picture   I think one of my favorites is when he plays a hitman in Collateral with Jamie Foxx . oh ya that is a really good movie  he is kind of looney though he spent    million dollars to build a bunker to protect himself from aliens.Yeah I think he is into Scientology  Did you know he was married to Nicole Kidman  They have since divorced   Though they did so Eyes Wide Shut together . lol  that is a weird movie though  Seinfeld is super rich though  richer than Tom Hanks and Tom Cruise combined apparently .Well I am just glad I do not have any stock in MoviePass   It fell to under a dollar after people found out Christopher Robin was not being shown last summer . oh wow ya I m glad I didn t get that  I just use Netflix and thats enough for me. Netflix is piling up debt to fund all these new series and shows       billion at last count   But they have made      shows and series of new content . ah I didn t know that  they sure take up a lot of bandwidth  about     of all internet traffic.I bet Blockbuster regrets not buying them for    million   Now they are out of business or pretty close . ya  with Netflix now worth about   billion  that was definitely a mistake 
conversation_116  Hello  are you a big Netflix person .I am   I have been a subscriber for years and especially love the original content .I do as well  Were you a subscriber even back when their whole business model was about DVD rental by mail and not an online platform .I was  I think it was in      when they started adding streaming features . It s interesting to think how differently the company could have been if decisions played out differently  Like Blockbuster declining to buy them many times  and now they re worth many times over .Exactly  A purchase of     million that is now worth    billion  That is just CRAZY .And I feel like that doesn t even big to desribe how huge Netflix is still  Netflix accounts for a third of ALL bandwith in North America from  pm to    am . Which is honestly just nuts  And when you combine Netflix and youtube  it s half of the peak internet traffic in North America alone . I was surprised to learn recently though  that despite how huge their online platform is  they still do DVD rentals  And spend    times more on postage than their bandwith .True   but I think they might need to start paying more attention to what they are spending   they racked up       billion in debt as of Sept      trying to get content . That s certainly a lot of money  Although at least it s an investment and will come back to them  On the other hand  I remember a decade ago  Tom Cruise spent     million on an underground bunker to protect himself from aliens  what a nut . I stopped liking him when he went all about Scientology  I much prefer other actors now  like Peter Dinklage . I ve never heard of him  does he do a lot of action movies  I like Tom Cruise because of movies like Top Gun and Cocktail but I m always interested in expanding my preferences . Actually  Peter Dinklage plays Tyrion Lannister on Game of Thrones  . Oh wow  That s a beautiful show I ve been meaning to watch  it s filmed in Ireland I think  And from the limited parts I ve seen the scenery is gorgeous .Yes  It is my most favorite show   which it definitely has earned with all of its Emmys      to be exact . That s a whole lot  They re certainly influential  I read somewhere that Arya is the fastest rising baby name for girls in the US  due to a character from the Game of Thrones . My daughter is named Arya  So we definitely fell into the trend  I am sad it is going to end this year  with the last season starting in April . Oh wow that s very cool  Hey at least if you ever want to pick up a new show after  Nat Geo Wild has a show that parodies Game of Thrones but follows lions .I heard about that  I think that would be awesome   following them like the characters in the show . Yeah absolutely  regardless it will be cool to see if Netflix can makea similar show themselves after Game of Thrones ends  Anyways it was nice chatting with you  have a good day 
conversation_117  Hello  do you watch Netflix . Hi there  I do sometimes  but don t have an account myself   How about you . I do have an account  Did you know from  pm   am  Netflix accounts for     of all the bandwidth in North America . Holy cow  that is so much bandwidth during those peak hours  .I agree  Netflix and YouTube make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America . That is crazy  and I think it will even continue to grow in the future  .Netflix is worth    billion right now . Wow  I think back in       they proposed to Blockbuster that it should use Netflix as it s online service  they laughed at the offer  .I bet lol  Netflix was started due to a     late fee incurred by Reed Hastings . Yeah old Reed didn t like those late fees  look what happened since then  .Do you like Tom Cruise . Yeah I do  I really like    s Tom Cruise movies   How about you .Me too  I love Top Gun . Yeah Top Gun was one of his best for sure  I always like risky business  .Tom Cruise once threatened Tom Kruse who is the inventory of the hoverboard .I heard that   I think he should have just endorsed it and gone along with it .I agree  Tom Cruise spent two years learning Japanese and swordplay in preparation for a film . That is dedication  I have always admired him for his acting skills  .Me too  He has a     million dollar underground bunker to protect himself from aliens . That is the weird side of him  I remember when he went kind of nuts on the Ellen show years back  .It was great chatting 
conversation_118 Did you know the china wall was very large and famous in the world .I did know that  I think I saw a movie about that on Netflix actually  Do you have Netflix. Yes  i have Netflix  Netflix was founded in      .Yep it s crazy that they re going to spend it   billion dollars this year to make more new content  I do like their shows though.Netflix tv shows are awesome  And Netflix founder was reed hastings and marc .Yep he started it because he was mad about the late fee for his movie Apollo    haha that is actually really good movie have you ever seen it.I saw that movie  I think the movie was released in      .I think it was actually in the nineties I think you re thinking of the wrong one haha  Apollo    head Tom Hanks in it  What do you think about Tom Cruise though.I love tom cruise and his movies  It was awesome  mission impossible movie was so great .Yep I like Mission Impossible II  I also like The Color of Money in the movie Cocktail  Eyes Wide Shut was pretty weird though haha.tom cruise edge of tomorrow movie was awesome  edge of tomorrow directer has a great mind .It s crazy that Tom Cruise spent two years learning Japanese and how to use a samurai sword to prepare for the movie The Last Samurai  Personally I didn t really like that movie what did you think.Tom cruise was great actor and hard worker  He spend a lot of to learn a japanese language . Yeah for sure  I also never knew that in the movie  The Last Samurai  Samurai is actually plural and refers to Tom Cruise and the whole clan.I think the movie was released in      and the movie was successfully crossed       crores usd . I always think the Tom Cruise is super rich  but Seinfeld has a net worth that is more than Tom Cruise and Tom Hanks combined which is insane.Tom hanks also great actor and his net work is      million .He has a great actor  Tom Cruise is kind of a weird guy though  He spent     on a bunker to protect himself from outer space aliens.It s great but i don t know . Do you ever watch Game of Thrones  I love that show  it has won a bunch of awards.I watch all   seasons  it s all are good .Yeah I love them  And I didn t know that Arya is the fastest growing baby girl name in the United States period that is definitely due to Game of Thrones
conversation_119 good morning to you.Good morning  Are a fan of The Simpsons  Fox News once tried to sue to get the show to stop parodying them . I love the Simpsons  not so much Fox news though  they deserve to parodied. They practically ARE a parody  Do you remember their version of the Daily show from       Man  it was terrible  Really  really terrible  It was canceled after    episodes  .with Jon Stewart  the one on Comedy Central . Yeah  fox tried to copy it with their own show called the Half Hour News Hour  .oh I thought you were saying The Daily Show was bad and got cancelled  yea Fox should not have copied that show  Did you know Fox News and IGN are owned by the same company .I did not know that  But I m sure Rupert Murdoch owns dozens of companies I don t know about  Another thing I didn t know    Hillary Clinton was the president of the You ng Republicans in college . wow  her views sure have shifted a lot since then  huh . I d say  Nixon actually proposed a guaranteed minimum wage  the only president to ever do so  . which surprises me   I always thought that that was something that pretty much everyone had touched upon in their time in office at least a little bit. Yeah  I was surprised too  Another surprising fact  Tea Party GOP poster child Ayn Rand was on Social Security and Medicare  . wow  I never cared for her books  did you .No  Couldn t even finish the one I started  Canada s first official currency was playing cards  Now that s cool .sometimes i wish they still used stuff like that  id be rich  haha. Haha  Hawaii passed single payer healthcare in       but the governor wouldn t sign it into law  If only the rest of the country would follow suit   and then pass it into law  . yea I wish we had single payer  my health insurance is so complicated sometimes  people shouldnt go broke over a doctor visit. Totally agree  It s ridiculous that we don t haver it in this country  Someday  I think  Hopefully  .Some candidates are pushing for it  sadly those guys dont win office. Yeah  In Kentucky  you can t take office if you ve ever participated in a duel  Maybe that s what we need more of in politics today    duels  .imagine that  haha duels in court would be hilarious
conversation_120 Do you like Taylor Swift .I liked her country stuff and some of her earlier pop  How about you . I do like her  specially her performance of the Reputation tour she had in Glendale  AZ.It seems like she and Kanye West have perpetual conflicts of one sort or the other   First he crashed her award acceptance   Then she is accused of stealing his music   Social media was not kind to her over that accusation . I think they were a bit unfair to her  it must be hard to be a celebrity  specially a really famous one like her. Well  they called her a  snake    I like the way she turned it into a positive in her concert with imagery  a snake microphone  and a snake platform   Snakes in general have an unwarranted bad reputation   Do you have any experience with snakes . No not really  but I love them many people are scared of them but I think they are interesting animals. I live in a rural area  so snakes are not uncommon   I have a     foot common garter snake nesting at the base of my fig trees   I like there because she eats the field mice and other critters who want my figs   Too many people automatically assume snakes are poisonous   Did you know that only in Australia do venomous snakes outnumber non venomous ones . I didnt know that about Australia  are you afraid of snakes  with what you told me previously I bet you are not afraid of them. No   I let them go on their way and I go one mine   While we do have coral snakes  water moccasins  rattle snakes  I have never been bitten   Did you know that one man has been bitten so often that the antigens in his blood allow it to be used an anti venom . Really  I guess he made a valuable contribution to science and also to medicine  did you hear of that species of flying snakes. I had not  but I could see it possible to approximate flying   I know they can climb trees because I see the garter snake in my fig trees   I guess if she wanted to  she could coil and spring  flinging herself from one tree to another   Down here  Mardi Gras ended last night    My ears are still ringing from the concerts put on by local bands   Did you know that a Fighter Concert was so loud that it was picked up on New Zealand seismic  earthquake  monitors . I didnt know that  do you have any favorite bands  used to like Linking Park. When I lived in Viginia  I liked Dave Matthews when he was starting out in Charlottesville   Did you know that a woman driving to a Dave Matthews concert picked up a stranded bicyclist who was Dave Matthews himself . Wow  that is amazing  I mean what are the ods  that woman is really lucky  I bet she went crazy in that moment . I would think so   I have not been to an major act indoor concert since my high school and college days in the     s and the     s   Back then Deep Purple broke the record for the loudest concert ever that rendered   people unconscious   While rendering   people unconscious is alarming  I wonder how many people had lifelong hearing damage after that one . I bet at least a few of them did  a really bad concert was the one the band Creed gave in       the concert was so bad the band even got sued by some of the concert goers. Well  Creed survived that one to become a major rock act in the early     s   Do you know if Taylor Swift is still on the  Reputation  concert tour or has that wrapped up . I guess its all wrapped up by now  I think this article is a bit old  I think that tour happened around      so yeah . I glad her reputation survived from the Kanye West feud   While I not much of a fan of her current music  she is a talented artist   She also is quite a philanthropist   Did you know she donated all proceeds from  Wildest Dream  song to African wildlife conservation . No  I didn t know about that  seems like she has a great great  I will follow her example from now on  anyways it s been cool to chat  thanks for all the facts and knowledge. Well  its time to start cycling to work   Nice chatting with you . That will do some favors to the enviroment for sure  nice chatting  have a nice day  
conversation_121 Do you like snakes . they are kind of gross to me  but do you like them . Yeah there history is strange  Apparently there is a lizard with no legs and i always though that was what a snake was  lol  . really  I wonder what separates the two from each other then  i have to imagine they look very similar. You would think but that s not what they pay me for  ha  Maybe we should move to new zealand they don t have snakes there . i agree  snakes are so creepy  they are a very lucky country in my opinion.Mine too  Apparently fear of snakes is hard wired into our brains and monkeys .maybe it is because of the way that they move or the noises that they make  I cannot think of why that may be the case.Me either  Do you know who Taylor Swift is . I do  I am a big fan of her music .she was born on December          one of her albums won   grammy s . she is very successful  she also owns a private jet  she is doing very well for herself.Yes she is and to be so young it s great  that jet is a Falcon     and cost    million right  Those are really nice . yes  that is more than I will see in my lifetime  but I am glad she was able to make so much in her career before she loses popularity.Well hopefully she did well with the money she made so far because fame don t last forever . that is true  she knows her stuff  she took her music off spotify so it was not free  she is kind of money minded. Well that s good  Apparently she accidentally released   seconds of white noise and topped Canadian itunes charts  lol . that is insane  just imagine being that popular  most people never even see that much success.Right  Her walking backward to avoid picture taking is a  little weird though . i guess i sort of get that  it must be annoying being public so often.I can t even imagine  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_122  Where do you source your news  Fox  Cnn  other .Mostly other  Certainly not Fox .Did you know that CNN recently raised concern about Fox   Friends .I had heard something about it  Weren t they concerned about their interviews with Republicans . Yes you are correct  Despite the students mourning due to a mass shooting a day earlier  Republicans appeared only a fox where they wouldn t be pressed about gun control.That s terrible  All of our press should be able to question our representatives  I think some of the people they interviewed were Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz if I remember correctly .All they mentioned was that it was a truly heart breaking horror and that evil is sadly always present .We should have known it s bias since it was created by a Republican media strategist and Richard Nixon .I feel that most news are bias in some way or another  Too bad fox is watched more than cnn and msnbc combined .That s sad  Apparently they even threatened to sue the Simpsons for making fun of them for their anti democratic agenda  They wanted to stop them from continuing that .I mean usually its kind of funny how they threatened to sue the Simpsons over a fact which is true  I guess their perspective is a given since they were created by Richard ailes and president Richard nixon .I agree  They would never win because of parody laws anyway  Did you know that every US president with a beard has been a Republican   How odd .It seems like a strange coincidence . Ha ha  Maybe  Unsurprisingly  there has not been a president that was not a democrat or republican since       .Well I believe either Roosevelt or JFK came very close as a uncorrelated  rd party .You may be correct  I was floored to learn that the last time until very recently that a Republican president was elected without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was      . Wow  I didn t know the extent to which the Nixons and Bushs were so influential  I also recently found out that the colors of red and blue associated with republicans and democrats was a recent change  only starting in       I wonder if they used any other colors before then .That is a good question  I would have thought it had been that way for a longer time period than that  Did you know that Truman visited Disneyland and would not be photographed on the Dumbo ride so he wasn t associated with Republicans . Well for politicians image is everything  At least at some level of politics  the US has been quite progressive  For instance  Texas  first elected female governor came into office even before some states ratified the   th amendment. Wow  I would not have thought that  especially with it being such a conservative state  I was sad when I learned that only one governor was against the internment of Japanese citizens during WWII  . I understand the difficulties of a country given it is a melting pot and it can t let spies cause problems in WWII due to conflicting loyalties  but they didn t execute this process well and treated Americans of Japanese heritage unfairly  It is too bad only   governor was against their imprisonment  .I agree  What a horrible blight on our history 
conversation_123 Did you know that the Beatles song Come Together was written for Timothy Leary . No I did not  but it wouldn t surprise me since Leary s research was about the use of psychedelic drugs . Yeah  I remember that  he was pretty out there  right  . Yeah  he wrote about every drug under the sun haha  Although  a lot of recent evidence has proven some of his theories correct.Like which ones  I m not familiar with a lot of them . I think like ecstasy  mushrooms  and LSD  pretty much a lot of the stuff that the government bans . OMG  I read about that  Did you know that in      North Dakota s governor declared martial law  . That s crazy  do you know for what exactly .I m not sure  But I know that texas elected their first female governor before some states even ratified the   th amendment . Yeah  and it s crazy that Texas used to be a blue state until the     s  then it turned very red haha. Interesting  like the ground turned red  Or you mean politics  . No  like in politics  It used to be mostly democratic  More interestingly  the  blue  and  red  colors tow denote the two parties weren t legitimately used until       . Oh  so like a long time ago Democrats were pro slavery I think  Wasn t Honest Abe a republican  . Yeah  he was  The parties have flip flopped so much throughout US history  But on a lighter note  every president who has had a beard has been Republican  which is really crazy . I m not sure if that is true  sadly I don t know a lot about politics  so I can t call that out if it is wrong  .I m somewhat interested in politics but they just make me depressed . Nah  I think it is at its best now  Most entertainment in years  .Haha that s so true. You know there hasn t been a US president who hasn t been a republican or democrat since       who was it  .I think they were in the Whig Party  But I don t the president  Tyler maybe 
conversation_124 Do you own a pet snake .No but there are some snakes outside around where I live at .They are considered legless lizards  I like lizards but not snakes.What is your favorite type of lizard .Iguana by far  I almost bought a baby one yesterday  I was looking at Chameleons too.Would you ever consider owning a larger one like a crocodile . Heck no  They are illegal too  aren t they .Oh I didn t realize they were illegal to own . They are more closely related to birds and I only like parrots for birds  and the bald eagle of course.Do you like Taylor Swift . I do  kinda  I like her as a person  She seems humble and very likeable. Yea  she also walks backwards around paparazzi .She was born and raised close to where I grew up in Pennslyvania too.Do you know about the Tennessee state .Not too much  How about you . Yes  I know more than most would about the state  There are some big snakes there .What kind of snakes are common to Tennessee  Rattlers  Bull snakes .I think it s them rattlers . I had a bull snake in my yard last year  a big one too .What happened .I let him be and just watched him slither through my backyard.Was it a big one .It appeared as so to me  I stayed far away from him because of how big he was .Did you ever about them snake whistling people .I don t understand the question 
conversation_125 Hi   Do you watch the news .Yes I love watching the news  How about you . I love the information  but everything these days is so slanted from both sides sometimes it is hard to get . Right there is not one source out there that you can trust  I hate the news outlets  but still need to see what s going on .Much agreed   I find that the truth lies somewhere in the middle   The media tries to create outrage for their ratings .Exactly  That s why I watch both CNN and Fox  It kind of helps me to sort through the muck .Fox is watched more than Cnn and MSNBC combined   Kinda crazy to think that .I think Fox is slightly more honest than the other two .Fox news threatened to sue the simpsons over their constant parody .I didn t know that  I don t watch the Simpsons  I know CNN is whining because they can t get any conservative guests  Why would you want to go on their show and be abused .Why would a liberal news network want a conservative guest .I think so that they can attempt to make them look like a liar or a fool or whatever negative thing they can think of .That is true  Did you hear about that time in      when Truman refused to be photographed with Dumbo.No I didn t  That s funny  Maybe Dumbo wasn t crazy about the idea either .Yeah   Maybe they should have brought Eeyore out. Okay you ve got me there  who s Eeyore .He is the Donkey from winnie the pooh .Okay now I understand  He d make a good mascot for the Demos .Definitely   Did you know the red and blue colors started being used in      .No I had no idea  Did you know that every president with a beard has been a Republican . I heard that   I wonder how many presidents had beards  I know lincoln  but who else .I can t think of any  I can t imagine someone getting elected today who even has a mustache .Very true   Haha   Great chat 
conversation_126 Good morning  Do you know anything about snakes  I saw a huge one on reddit the other day . I know that they are elongated and legless reptiles covered in scales  Furthermore  they have highly mobile jaws and usually fangs for venom .That s true  My husband pulled one out of my garden  I had never seen it before  It s a rat snake  I guess they are good for killing pests .I think rat snakes aren t poisonous  Did you know that the fear of snakes are wired into human brains  I guess people who hate snakes should live in new Zealand since there aren t any there . Nope  rat snakes aren t poisonous  They are actually a good kind  I have always believed no snakes should exist  so I believe we are wired for it .I wonder what differentiates snakes from legless lizards .That is a good question  Maybe that lizards have eyelids and some snakes dont . That makes sense  Personally  I don t mind snakes  although I am wary since venom can be quite potent and dangerous  As long as they aren t flying snakes that can launch themselves at prey are around my area and I can spot them well a head of time  I m okay .flying snakes  My worst nightmare  . I guess New Zealand would be ideal for you  with no snakes and all.True  Do you ever Listen to Taylor Swift . I have heard bits hear and there and recently read some articles  but I am not completely familiar .She writes a lot of her music about herself  Very popular singer  Who do you listen to . Well I do know Kanye did a self mocking skit   years before the infamous Taylor swift incident  Other than that  she is among the worlds contemporary artists .And she owns a private jet .I recently learn she once accidentally released several seconds of white noise and it somehow topped the Canadian itunes chart .That is funny  But she also thinks music should not be free  I disagree there  I should be able to listen to it all I want . Well for artists  royalties are a lot part of their revenue  even for moderate artists .Thats true I suppose  Do you know Swift walks backwards so she wont have her pic taken .Wouldn t walking backwards make her stick out more .I would think  Do you listen to Linkin park at all  they played     concerts in      . Unfortunately  I have never listened to Linkin park  However  I have listened to The Ramones and they played a total of       concerts .Wow  I was always a big Pink Floyd fan myself  They played in an empty roman amphitheater once .Were they recording a music video  Or did they just do it for fun  A ancient roman amphitheater sounds amazing.I think they did a video there  Thats why there was no audience  The ramones did a lot of concerts  How long did they tour .I believe they toured for    years   Anyway I think I will check out Linkin park  Thank you for the chat 
conversation_127 Do you watch the news .A few times a day . Me too  what do you think about Fox news  Apparently they are watched more than msnbc and cnn combined .They are biased and pro republicans  It is okay though   Free speech is always good .Yeah your right  Fox was created by republican media strategist and a former president .Richard Allies and former President Nixon created the fox news .The Two Richards that s right  haha . Yes it was funny   Do you know that Foxnews tried to sue the Simpsons .I heard they were trying to silence a parody of anti democratic party agenda . Yes  you are right   They want it to stop the Simpsons from parodying its anti democratic party agenda .They also discussed creating a channel that would only play the Simpsons . Yes  I heard about it .Not sure what they hoped to accomplish since the Simpson s were never going to stop clowning them . They own the Simpsons  right   Why were they against them since the simpsons have been generating money for them for years .Good question  They also owe IGN the gaming website  Do you game .No I do not but I m aware of the fact .Ok  On a different note did you know that when Arnold Schwarzenegger was governor he did not live in Sacramento but instead commuted everyday by jet for three hours .I did not know that   Do you know that the republican party is also referred to as GOP   Arnold is a republican . Yup  Speaking of governors  did you know that Ralph Lawrence Carr was the only one to opposed Japanese American interment camps during WW  .I heard about it   Good for him   Those Japanese people were American . They were  so sad  Texas elected it s first female governor  .She was the second female governor in the US . Your right  nice chatting with you  
conversation_128  Hello  do you ever watch Fox News .I usually don t watch it  I understand that it s popular .Fox discussed the possibility of creating a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons . That is an idea that might work  but now I figure people are on the Internet  Maybe a YouTube channel .Possibly   The gaming website IGN is actually owned by Fox News . Oh  I didn t know that  I guess Fox owns a lot of things out there  A gaming site  Hm .Yea very interesting  Fox News is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined . I believe it  CNN has its own bias  as does MSNBC  People watch what they want to believe . Yep  not a huge fan of CNN because they post so much fake news and are very biased .I don t watch CNN  What kind of fake news .They just report things that are fake or swayed to the liberal spectrum of politics  Fox News was created by Richard Ailes and Richard Nixon . The viewership of Fox skews pretty old  In       the median viewer age was    years old  Older people tend to be more conservative .That is very old  Did you know there hasn t been a president who wasn t a rep or dem since      . The two party system is frustrating because the choices are limited  The money backs certainly candidates  and there is little possibility for outsiders to get in .I agree  Every president with a beard has always been a republican .I guess that imparts a look of sage wisdom and manliness .I guess so lol  The last time a republican was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was back in      .That s quite a while  I guess Trump might be starting a new dynasty  Will his daughter run  Who knows .Haha possibly  Who knows what will happen next . I would like to see some change in gov t  Sometimes old ideas have value  The only president to propose a guaranteed minimum income was a republican  Nixon   I think that people are worried now and would like some security .Me too  It was good talking to you 
conversation_129 Are you familiar with Native American books .I read a few in school   I was raised in Oklahoma and many of my friends were of the Cherokee and Choctaw tribes   I have heard of Tommy Orange s fiction novel about Native Americans .That s interesting   He is a member of the Cheyenne and Arapaho tribes   I don t know much about those two tribes   His book is about a boy .Yes   It is fiction however   It provides insight into the challenges that the boy has in grappling with his identity   We have a national history where many atrocities and slurs dot the history .True   I went to an indian reservation this past summer in New York   It was the Seneca nation and I went through one of their museums   They pretty much got kicked out of their land just like all the other tribes in the nation . A people divided into tribes cannot stand against a unified enemy   But  my wife s best friend has a Ph D  and the government paid for all of her education because she is Cherokee   But if one knows the facts  a lot of interesting history can be written .Wow   That s really interesting   Hopefully Tommy Orange s book does well .Books can be fiction with a lot of facts or not so many   Wiki has an article where they rank fictional characters according to their powers .Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction in his youth   Never knew that he did that before .I wonder how one would find a copy of it   Imagine Edgar Allen Poe wrote about a cyborg a long time ago.Interesting   A judget ried to ban a science fiction comic in the      s because it featured a black character . Wow   We have come a long way  thank goodness   The FDA also burned   tons of literature in an act of censorship .I think I remember reading about that before   Literature was an olympic event from      to        I would like to see one of those gold medals . I would like to understand the scoring   I bet it was somewhat like Jeopardy   I would also like to read the  best  of the  worst opening sentences  that people used to enter into a contest .lol  That would be interesting   Didn t Sir Winston Churchill win a nobel prize for literature . That would not be my first guess  but I think you are right    Based on literature  kissing is a fairly recent development .You would think that would have been written about a long time ago   Switching gears     id you know that Apple had a clothing line in      .People did not wear brands on clothing so prominently as they do today back in        So that was Apple being innovative in another field . Surprisingly  the Pilgrims wore clothing that was full of color and they only wore black for special occasions   I m so used to seeing them stereotyped wearing black and white .Me too   You know that every human society has worn clothes . I would hope so   lol  I guess it depends on your body type  etc . I suppose if the weather is perfect  a grass skirt might be enough  but it is still clothing   Clothing is often gender specific   Nice talking 
conversation_130  Are you a fan of books   I personally read a lot  mostly non fiction though .I don t really have time to read but when I do I like to read fiction  I find it funny that Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction of Greek mythology . That is sort of odd   There is even a wiki that ranks fictional characters by their powers  that would be an interesting read .And in Greek literature there wasn t much kissing  Romantic kissing is actually a recent development . That surprises me  I  guess I always associated it with all love stories   Even Shakespeare .Yeah I think there was a lot of romance just kissing wasn t part of it . I see   Winston Churchill won a Nobel Prize  for literature   I always though it was for peace.Interesting  Literature was an olympic event from      to       I always associate the olympics with sports . Same here  I always thought it was part of the ancient games but never made its way to the modern games   How do you even judge that . Yeah  pretty subjective  Speaking of literature contests  there isone that challenges writers to come up with the worst opening sentence for a novel . I heard there was  I wonder what the winners were  those would be fun to read .Do you think that literature should be censored .Absolutely not   That is why I hated to hear that the FDA burned   tons of literature.But should fan fiction be allowed  George RR Martin says it is copyright infringement and isn t useful for aspiring writers .i think so   I think it is a great creative outlet for pepole . Have you heard of Tommy Orange s debut novel  There There . i havenr  whats is it like .It is about Native Americans in modern history but seems to also touch on how they were treated in the past  It s a fictional story with elements of truth .I think that might be an interesting read . The story follows around different members of a large cast of Native Americans who live in Oakland  CA  I m not sure if I would like it because I like books that focus on one character .I can take several focuses as long as I can put together what is going on . That s good  Some of the people speak directly to us and others use the third person  so there are diverse approaches  . It has been good chatting tonight  but my dinner is ready  and I must go   I have a great night .Have a good night 
conversation_131 I ve been reading a lot of interesting stories these past few days .Really  what have you been reading lately . A few different fiction stories  very interesting  One was Tommy Orange s debut novel . I heard about that one  its the one with the little native american boy right .Yes  It was quite an emotional read  It made me really think about how life is like for them . Native Americans suffered for a lot of years  its a story that involves a lot of blood and tears and not an easy story to tell. Definitely  Orange did a great job w how he shared their history    It was quite diff from the  nd book I read  A Visit From The Goon Squad  familiar . I heard that book was pretty good as well  kind of dark though  . For sure  there were some powerful tales  I found the sory about the man born with fetal alcohol syndrome the darkest  You . I felt sorry about him as well  his mother is in jail so what kind of life can he even have  did you hear about the overweight joung man  . Yeah  that one was crazy  he had a lot against him  Kinda sad  It all stayed w me for awhile  Had to take a break from the book . I agree  so do you like fiction  . I enjoy both fiction and non  however  I espcially like fiction books that have fact along with some imagination sprinkled in .I see well did you ever play the Super Smash Bros video game  there is actaully a long fiction piece about the game. Yeah  I ve played that before  I m more of a reader though lol  I actually read two of Tommy Orange s books  he had a lot of characters . I guess thats a great book  I heard good things about it havent really read it  . What are you more in to   literature  clothing or gaming . I like all three of them lol  clothing is also one of my favorite subjects and I also like technology. I hear ya  I m really into clothing too  Switching it up w textiles and materials  Did you know Apple had a clothing line in      . I didnt  I would buy an Apple tshirt for sure  I wonder why they dont have that clothing line anymore. Yeah same  Also  this was interesting  from      to      architecture  literature  music  painting and sculpture were olympic events  How cool. Really cool indeed  they should be events even now  I wonder why they took them out 
conversation_132 Are you a fan of fictions .I am a fan somewhat   I know that Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fictino .I m not a huge fan to be honest .Hhaha I was when I was little more than I am now   In the      s a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it featured a black character   What a sad sign of the times back then .Did you know the FDA burned   tons of literature in an act of censorship .I didn t know that   There s a wiki that ranks fictional characters according to their powers and abilities .Interesting  Who is the best .I don t know   We ll have to go look on wikipedia   lol  I know someone who was the best one year though in literature and that was in      when Winston Churchill won a nobel prize for literature .That s pretty cool  It wasn t for peace .Nope   Literature was an olympic event from      to        I wonder how they judged that . LOL  by who could read the fastest  I have no idea  .Hmmm     that I don t know   I think it was some girl named    Anne .Did you know that Apple had a clothing line in      .I didn t know that   I wonder if any of the pieces are worth money now as collectibles .I m not sure  It sounds like a horrible idea though  They should stick to phones .lol  Yes   Did you know that pilgrim clothing was full of color and they only wore black and white for special occasions .I can believe it  A lot of those photos I thought were for Sundays .I always seem to remember school portraying them to wear black and white   Rip Curl makes clothes in North Korea yet the label says Made in China   I m not familiar with that brand   They sound shady to me . Yeah  that doesn t seem legit  Well  nice chatting with you  .It was fun and nice chatting with you as well .Take it easy 
conversation_133 Dogs or cats  .Dogs       .I KNEW I LIKED YOU  Google likes dogs too . Hahaha   yes   definitely   I know a few people who work there and they get to bring their dogs to work      I wish I could do that  . what  me too  I wouldn t get anything done but it would be amazing lol  Did you know dogs have    different blood types .I did   I guess I should get my dog checked for her blood type next time I see the vet   Do you have a dog . I will have to  yes  his name is rocky  he is my favorite pet of all time  what is your dogs name . her name is Yuki  it means snow in Japanese   she is a white dog lol She is a rescue so we dont know the breed   shes a mutt  . aww that is cute  rescue dogs tend to be the best  I want to clone my dog when he passes he is that good  They have cloned cats before  but no thanks to a cat. lol that would be cool if you can clone your dog after they pass   Ive had a few dogs and its heartbreaking   I even took like   years break in between getting another one because I didnt know if I was ready   Im not a cat person at all   they are cute  . ha i agree with that  In japan there are more pets that kids under     that is a lot of pets .Oh wow   I hope they aren t neglected in any way .I hope not  Otherwise I am going there to stop it  They should do what boulder does and make it so you don t own pets but are their guardian.Yessssss   I think they whole world should do that   Did you know dogs can learn over a thousand words . I did not know that  I know that only dogs and elephants respond to pointing  out of thousands of animals. Also   if you actually can stop countries from eating dog   South Korea actually sells dog meat in their street markets   I saw it when I visited there    it was horrifying   Yes   I did know that elephants and dogs are so smart  . that is so sad and so wrong  I think I remember there was a US person at the olympics that took dogs to save from being killed  it made me feel happy. Thats amazing   Did you know dogs have   eureka  moments where they feel happy solving a problem to get a reward . What can t dogs do  I know they aren t color blind like we were taught when young  It was so nice chatting with you  tell yuki hi .Lol Same to Rocky   Have a good one .will do  bye 
conversation_134 That sure is an interesting way to send off a family member  I guess they didn t want to falsely memorialize her . I know  I couldnt ever imagine writing something like that about my family   I guess I am lucky   .I feel the same way  I would rather just keep it brief and impersonal if I had hard feelings rather than publicly attack them .It is said that you shouldn t speak ill of the dead   I wouldn t feel like I needed to have the last word . On a more enjoyable and lighter topic  do you have any pets  I have a dog .I don t   I am not home very much   But I do love animals   I would think of myself as a cat person . Unfortunately I am allergic to cats so while I enjoy them in small doses  I don t think I could ever own one . I always think it would be cool to own an exotic pet  although Id never want a bear like Roosevelt had   .I think he might be one of the few people who could pull off owning a bear  I would love to have one of the big cats as a pet but those are extremely dangerous as well .There are actually more tigers living as pets in Asia than in the wild   I never though people would seriously own them in masses .I wonder if some of those are rescues and they are technically classified as pets  It would seem like there should be strict regulations to own one . I agree   I would be too scared to own something that could seriously eat me in my sleep  or any other time it pleased . It s scary enough to think that my own dog probably is strong enough to harm me  let alone one of the top predators in the world . Dogs do understand pointing  along with elephants   They are the only two animals who have that instinct   Id love a baby elephant  but they can get kinda big .I ve seen videos online where baby elephants interact with humans in a similar style to puppies  It s a definite bucket list experience for me . Same here   My girlfriend loves baby elephants  Ive tried to find a place we can go to have that experience   I think it would be so cool  and a great surprise .In looking some of those places up you want to find a place that is a rescue type facility  Unfortunately there are places that exploit the elephants and do not treat them well . Definitely  not looking for somewhere they abuse the animals   We re both big animal lovers   I kind of like the philosophy in Boulder  CO where you can t own pets  but you are their guardian .For me my pets have always been family  I care for them more than I do some people I know .Definitely a lot more loyal and loving than people. She s also a lot more straightforward  She wants food  to be pet  more food  and to play with her ball  No guess work needed there .Very true   Pets are pretty easy to please .That s probably why they re so popular worldwide 
conversation_135 Do you own a dog . I do  did you know that dogs were the first species to be domesticated . No  I didn t  I bet that is why they call them man s best friend  . I guess so  They perform so many roles for humans  like hunting  herding  pulling loads  protection  and companionship  I guess there s a reason why they are called that  They do a lot for humans .Yeah  Apparently there are    different types of blood that a dog may have .I didn t know that  I wonder if they get good prizes at blood drives . LOL  good question  Google prefers dogs to cats  did you know that  .I did not know that  Did you know that Istanbul has vending machines with food and water for stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles  I think that s such a neat idea . No  I ve never been to turkey  Have you been  .I have many years ago .Interesting  How was it  Did you know that dogs and elephants are the only animals that understand pointing . It was a beautiful place  I was stationed there for a few months so I didn t get to see too much  I didn t know that  I always thought that dogs were color blind  but they re not they just can t see as many different colors as humans  . Yeah  that s what I ve heard  The first cloned pet was a cat  did you know that  . I didn t know that  would you call that a  copy cat   haha. Hilarious  well there are more tigers living as pets in the US than living in the wild in Asia  . That s crazy  I heard that Theodore Roosevelt had over    pets  including a bear and a hyena  . Yeah  he was a big conservationist  What number president was he .I believe he was the   th  Did you know that in Japan there s more pets than there are children under    . No  I didn t know that  They have a population growth problem it appears  . It seems that way  I ve heard that it s illegal to  own  pets in Boulder  Colorado  but you can be their  guardian   Does that mean you can claim them on your taxes . Interesting  I know people in Boulder  I ll have to ask them that  Well nice chatting with you  
conversation_136 Did you know that dogs have    different blood types . Hello  wow no I didn t  Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city s stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles .Good idea   Dogs and elephants are the only animals instinctively understanding pointing   I wonder where that leaves monkeys . Good question   Dogs are not colour blind  but cannot see as many different colours as humans. When they first cloned a cat  they named it copy cat   Haha. Haha  that s good stuff there   It is not legal to  own  pets in boulder  colorado  but you may be their  guardian  . I wonder what the difference is   Teddy Roosevelt had over    pets   I didn t know this  but he had a bear  teddy bear  . Wow  that s an interesting fact   Check this out  In japan  there are more pets than there are children under   . wow  that s a lot of pets  Do they have   child laws too .I ve heard that   Are pets also used in their meals .I don t know   The emperor of Japan is a scientist and publishes papers   He must have a lot of influence in various realms . Interesting  Harrison schmitt was the only scientist to walk on the moon . And scientist john von neumann could by the age of    divide two   digit numbers in his head and converse in ancient greek  I wonder how that happens . Good gracious  what a brainiac   The world wide web was invented in      by an english scientist working in switzerland for the cern  a european state funded research organization . I don t know how they did it  but scientists at Harvard stored a gif animation of a galloping horse in the dna of bacteria. That s nuts   Many scientists have advanced degrees in an area of science and pursue careers in various sectors of the economy such as academia  industry  government  and nonprofit environments .Scientist wasn t a term until the   th century. Really   On another note  Google prefers dogs to cats  their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company .Does that mean they donate more to dogs . I m not sure on that   Dogs vary widely in shape  size and colors  . I don t know how  but there are more tigers living as pets in the US than living wild in Asia   I didn t even know you could have one as a pet   Sounds Dangerous 
conversation_137 Fiction works comes from the imagination .Yes  I like fiction  There is a wiki that ranks fictional characters according to their powers . Fun  Julius caesar actually wrote fan fiction of hercules .That is intriguing  Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fiction  Did you hear that . Great  George rr martin doesn t like fan fiction at all .I heard that  He thinks it s copyright infingement . Yes he does  Snakes are legless and carnivores . Ah  Yeah  There is a genus of flying snakes that can launch themselves at prey . Scary  New zealand doesn t have any snakes .That sounds great  There are legless lizards    almost as frightening as snakes . Yes  some of them have eyelids and ears .That s creepy  Makes me want to listen to music  Do you like rap . Yes  Tupac s music is in the library of congress . Wow  You know  Korean rappers invented  compliment battle   . Interesting  rap is normally delivered over a beat . Yes  It s original meaning was  to lightly strike    Now it describes quick speech . Yes  eminem wanted to be a comic book artist .Intriguing  Did you hear about the judge in Michigan who delivered a ruling againt him  She delivered it by rapping when she ruled . Funny  the earliest rap was in the west african tradiation .Oh  Seems reasonable I guess  Did you know that flow is a component of rap . Yes  flow and delivery 
conversation_138 Good morning   Do you like snakes .Not really   lol  I guess I do as long as they leave me alone .Same here   Personally I d like to live in New Zealand  I hear they don t have any snakes there .Nice   I didn t know that   Only    percent of the worlds snakes lay eggs .Seriously   Then I guess the rest do live births .Yes   Boas and some others give live birth .Well that s creepy   It s as creepy as knowing there are some snakes that can fly . Yikes   I don t want to see those   Not even in a zoo   lol  When snakes are born with   heads  they fight each other food   That s creepy too   Is that a common thing with snakes     .i don t know  That does seem really weird to picture a snake fighting itself .I know right   I m going to have to google it   A man has been bitten so many times by snakes that his blood is able to be used as antivenom   I wouldn t want to be him .Me either   They say that our brains are naturally hard wired to be afraid of snakes .I believe it   I jump and shout when I see one  lol  Australia is the only continent where ven omous snakes outnumber the non venomous ones .I totally believe that  i ve seen things about that country on tv   They seem to have a lot of scary creatures over there . Those salt water crocs  I wouldn t want to cross paths with either from there  lol  Some owls keep blind snakes in their nests as helpful associates  reducing the abundance of nest parasites   How interesting is that      and how do they know they are blind  lol. Wow  that is actually a good question  I don t know  I do know that oddly enough  crocodiles are more closely related to birds than snakes and lizards .That s interesting   Do you happen to read any fiction at all . I used to   I like the older fiction   Speaking of  cyborgs are a lot older than we think   Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest known example of one in one of his works .I didn t know that   The term robotics was accidentally coined by science fiction author Isaac Asimov in      .I didn t know that   So he just accidentally made it up .I guess so   lol  Do you know what a drabble is .i honestly have no idea 
conversation_139  Hi  how are you . Hi  I m Good  Have you heard of the book Strange objects  It is going to be a HBO miniseries  Many critics think it it the author s break through .I have not heard of the book or the miniseries  I do have HBO and will look for it when it comes out .That is good  It focuses on how the female characters negatively treat one another  It is unusual because it gives it s female characters permission to be bad . Nice  I think I do remember that one now  It s with Amy Adams I think    I did see Gone Girl  did you see that one . I didn t  but I know it is by the same author  Gillian Flynn  The author wrote Sharp Objects because she wanted to explore how women aren t innately good and was sick of literature s tendency to portray women as spunky girls or bad girls like tramps and vamps . lynn s novels are feminist precisely because they aim a megawatt beam  bright as prison lights  into the dark corners of women s minds and lives. I think you can really see this in the first line of Sharp Objects  where she write that  I was never a good little girl   Amy Dunne in Gone Girl was the same way .There s a wiki which ranks fictional characters according to their powers and abilities . That is interesting  I wonder if Camille s  from Sharp Objects  beauty could be considered a power or ability  The novel manages to put an interesting spotlight on it  But  it doesn t reduce her or her beauty to an archetype .Couldn t it be both  Couldn t her looks be a power and a liability when she uses them inappropriately . Yes  that is a good point  I bet the author would like that give her attempts to avoid the archetypes surrounding beauty in fiction  Camille is neither an angel or a temptress .Her beauty is part of her underlying charatcher which allows her to have so many more dimensions than just beauty . True  of course some people think that the author goes to far by making all her female characters unlikable  They think that this undermines women by portraying them this way .I always question how the author should portray the protaginist in her own books    What s appropriate for the author is not for the reader .So true that the author and reader can differ on interpretations  I am glad that the author doesn t fetishize violence though  Many authors do that  She likes to show how it can be deadly to be male too .That s a really good point and a nuance most miss  I believe great authors can use sexism and sex as a great distinguisher yet subtle at the same time . True  it is interesting how Flynn tries to be psychologically accurate above all  . Going inside the mind of a ficticious person  created in your mind  must be difficult .It s true  Have you ever read drabbles  they are only     words long  It is interesting to think how you could go into someone s mind in     words  It must be different then a long novel like sharp objects .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_140  Hi  how are you . Great  Hope you re doing well  Are you a fan of fiction by chance  If so  there s a wiki you should check out that ranks characters in fiction by their powers and abilities .I do like comics  I fell in love with it when Edgar allen poe wrote about it . He wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg  correct  That is awesome  Fiction is derived from the imagination and Poe had a great imagination .Yeah  I liked Poe  Tell Tale Heart scared the heck out of me .So true  I would like to read some of Julius Caesar s Hercules fan fiction sometimes  Or even Oedipus  I bet it s amazing .Just don t show George martin any    He s not a fan of fan fiction   . Ha  Yeah I heard he claimed it s copyright infringement and also bad exercises for aspiring writers  I mean  he s not wrong  but a little over the top I d say .I think fan fiction is good  I bet he also complains that people do not write enough or how it is  lonely experience and then also complains about flattery    Seems like an inconsistent thought process .Agreed  It s almost as ignorant as the judge who tried to ban a science fiction  comic all because it featured a black character back in       The audacity of some people .And in      a judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap  Stay in your lane your honor . Ha  While trying a suit filed against Eminem  I heard about that  Speaking of Eminem  crazy he wanted to be a comic book artist growing up  What might have been had he pursued that instead if rap .yeah  I think he chose wisely  I am not sure how successful he would have been at compliment rap though .Ha  Can t believe That s even a thing  But I suppose it s popular enough in Korea so it must be at least intriguing to see . Intriguing  like Busta Rhymes voicing the reptar wagon in Rugrats .Did he really  I ll have to go back and watch that movie now just to see if I recognize his voice  Ha  Reptar was a lizard right  Better that than a snake   or even a flying snake which there happens to be a genus of that can actually launch themselves at their prey  Imagine coming across one of those  Yikes .Nope  I would run so fast  I am not a snake fan and then throw in a flying snake     NOPE .Same here  It s crazy that the fear of snakes is hard wired in both the brains of humans and monkeys . I know  Poor monkeys have no idea  they just run  My   year old asked about getting a snake and I shut that down quickly . I don t blame you  I wouldn t want a snake or even one of those legless lizards that look like snakes even though they basically aren t  If it looks like a snake  I don t want it .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_141  Hello  do you like movies .I do  Do you like movies .I do quite a bit  DO you know who hold the record for the most box hits .Denzel Washington .It id actually Tom Hanks with      billion worldwide.WOW  I did love him as the voice of Woody in toy story but I just love pixar .I love Pixar too  Did you know Disney wanted to shut down their studio because sleeping beauty was a bust.That would have been short sighted  Can you imagine making only       I would be so sad   . I know  but good thing they did not shut down the studio.Can you imagine taking your valentines to silence of the lambs . No  that would be horrible  Do you know which was one of the most expensive office flops . No  which one .It was Treasure Planet.I had no clue . Yeah  too bad for them  Do you like comedy . yes  I do  Do you .Yes me too  Do you know which movie Bill Murray thinks is the best comedy .stripes .Actually Kung Fu Hustle.WOW  I would have thought it would have been a good movie and not that one  I wonder if he was being sarcastic .I am wondering about it too  He called it the supreme achievement of the modern age in comedy  Nice chat   
conversation_142 Hello do you like movies . Yes  I do   How about you .awesome   Yes I love movies  Tom hanks is the highest box office star . I love him  he s such a versatile actor and has played in some of my favorite movies   Did you know Disney thought about shutting down their studio after Sleeping beauty flopped at the box office . Yikes  was it that bad   I have only seen it like once or twice lol   Glad they didnt  they have come out with some really good stuff. I know right   I loved it as a kid  I didn t think it was that bad   You know I knew Silence of The Lambs made lots of money at the box office  but I didn t realize it came out on Valentine s day in        Did you . Yeah  so romantic right   lol that was a great movie   kinda ironic about the valentines day thing lol.Did you watch the Avengers  Infinity Wars movie  . Yes  I did   great movie as well   I hear it was filmed in all imax cameras  . I loved it too   Can t wait for the next one  I ll probably cry all over again  when I see who all died at the end of the movie .Yeah coming out next month I think   It was pretty sad at the end   Bring tissue this time . Thanos sucks   Anyway  I haven t seen RBG  have you .What is that . Movie about the life of Ruth Bader Ginsburg   It sounded too dry and I m not much of a feminist  so I passed on that one . Oh that one   no I didnt watch it lol I did read about it  Do you like comedy . Yes  I do   Mostly old stuff with Bill Murray  though . Hes amazing   real funny   He thinks kung fu hustle is the supreme acchievement of modern age in terms of comedy   I dont know about that   it was a great movie   but not amazing lol what do you think . Me either  he must have had a few when he said that   What I found astonishing was that  rd rock from the sun beat out Seinfeld  Fraser and Friends for the      Golden Globe . Yeah  rd rock was funny   but I dont think its better than seinfeld or friends  lol . I agree  Seinfeld and Friends are classics   I smell a bribe .Right   lol Its weird that comedy central has cancelled over     shows . Yeah  that is kind of odd   Well  it s been nice chatting with you  I need to go walk my dog  now   . Great chatting  thanks  
conversation_143 Did know Tom Hanks is the highest all time box office star . I didnt know that  I love him as an actor  he is so talented I guess that makes sense. Disney should have used Tom in  treasure planet  it was the most expensive box office flop of all time  HAHA. I bet the movie would have had a bigger box office with him in the movie  did you watch Trojan Wars . No  I didn t  I read that it earned over              in box office  Someone is rich . No  only      dollars  it was a failure in fact  it was one of the most expensive box office flops all time.Oh  Thanks for that  I read it wrong . Yeah  the budget was of     million dollars  did you ever watch the movie The Silence of the Lambs . Yes  that is a very scary movie .It came out on Valentines day and it had a good box office  That was in the year     . Yes  I think I read      million in box office . Yeah  that was a total success so do you like comedy films as well.I love comedy  It s my favorite .Do you like Bill Murray  he seems to like Kung Fu hustle a lot .I do like him but I don t know kung fu hustle . He says is the supreme achievement of modern comedy  well I dont agree with that  I didnt like that movie really.I totally agree with you .Do you like the channel Comedy Central .I have watched a few shows on there  My son loves it .I love it as well but it makes me mad that they ve cancelled over     shows since its creation.I would think that what is funny changes over time .Yeah I guess so but many of those shows were good  anyways its been nice chatting with you today.Nice chatting with you too 
conversation_144 good morning .Hi there   Do you like comedies .Yeah I love a good comedy .Me too   Did you see Bill Murray s Kung Fu Hustle .I think I may have seen it  I dont see it as the supreme achievement in comedy like he does though .I was going to ask what you thought about it   Jack Black was going to star in the Green Lantern which was originally supposed to be a comedy .I think it would have been better as a comedy  I like Jack Black movies .I love them   He cracks me up   I like corny goofball comedy   I used to like watching  rd Rock from the Sun when it was on tv for that same reason .Yeah I liked the goofy brother  Dont remember his name  I thought he was funny . Yes   I can picture his face  but can t remember his name either   That show won a golden globe for best comedy series in      .considering the other shows that were on at the time that is surprising . Yes   It beat out Seinfeld  Friends  and Frasier .Well me personally  I would rather watch third rock any day  Those other shows were quite popular in their day though .Yes   I agree   Do you know who the highest all time box office star is .Yeah its Tom hanks  Over     billion in the Box office  Thats a lot of money . Holy smokes   You re not kidding   Did you know Disney s animation studios almost shut down after  Sleeping Beauty  was a box office failure . It may have flopped in the box office  but it became pretty popular after that  I would say they made a good bit of money off sleeping beauty . I would think so too   However it wasn t their biggest flop   That would have been  Treasure Planet  which was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time .I dont think I even saw that one . I remember it  but don t remember seeing it either   Silence of the Lambs had a box office of over      million and came out on Valentines Day      .That was a good movie  Still a classic  Have  a good one 
conversation_145  Hey how is it going  you ever cook a turkey during Thanksgiving . No  the only bird I ever cook is chicken  I m looking to expand my skillset  though  They re the most numerically successful class of tetrapods . Ah I gotcha  I was going to say there are some tips to maximize space in the oven during Thanksgiving  but that might just bore both of us haha  That s pretty cool about chickens  there are over       birds that classify as tetrapods . I m sure that some like hummingbirds don t lend themselves to eating  but I know that ostrich steaks are a thing  I wonder how to cook those  I guess they can be so big because they don t fly . True  I m surprised they still have wings  I cannot believe how small hummingbirds are  only   inches .I guess they re still evolving to the point where the wings disappear  Some birds don t get that chance  the famously extinct dodo bird is actually a sub family a pigeon that I guess didn t evolve as much as it needed to . Interesting  it s funny that hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests  That is really cool to me . That s very resourceful  Some wild birds in Australia are resourceful in mimicking the human world sounds of cameras  car alarms  and chainsaw  although I m not sure exactly what purpose that would serve . I ve heard that  they re pretty resourceful  I didn t know how light birds were  their skeleton is hollow and weighs less than the feathers .Maybe that s why some birds are able to migrate from Alaska to northern Mexico without sleeping  the light weight must keep them from getting too exhausted . That is some cardio  They all have feathers  beaked jaws  lay eggs and have a four chambered heart  I wonder how far they are from dinosaurs . Even if they are distantly related  I bet dinosaurs didn t dance the way some birds do to impress their potential mates  They re more closely related to humans in that way .I bet not  At least they don t have to worry about having   pairs of pointe shoes a week to go through like professional ballet dancers . That s a lot  but I guess that kind of dancing is stressful on shoes that are supporting the weight on such as small surface  Did you know that Tupac danced ballet in high school and was even the mouse king in a production of the Nutcracker . I never knew that  I did know Bruce Lee was a great dancer that won a dancing championship in      . That kind of makes sense  since there s so much coordinated movement in both martial arts and dance  It would be more odd if a dancer ended up being a video game pro . True  especially if they became a professional Tetris player lol . Yes  it is actually one of the three best selling video games of all time  along with Minecraft and Wii Sports . I can t believe it was made in      by Alexy Pajitnov  the government owned the rights to it too . I guess that s a consequence of working for the Soviets  Meanwhile  the NHS in the UK actually advocates using the game for people suffering from PTSD . I could see that  it helps you escape what you are feeling and what not  Could help those suffering from trauma too . Yes  and research suggests that playing Tetris provides a quick fix for people struggling to stick to diets or quit smoking or drinking . For sure  a lot of stimulation  I am going to get going though  good talking with you  have a great weekend 
conversation_146 Hi there  Do you like to play video games .I used to play them when I was younger  I was never good at Tetris though even though it is one of three best selling video games of all .I was into Tetris for a while  My mom got addicted to it and stole my Gameboy a lot  I wonder if she started seeing tetris blocks in her sleep  That happens to some people who play tetris for an extended period of time .That is so weird  As an adult I wish i was good at Tetris when I quit smoking or trying to diet because it can offer a quick fix when people are struggling to stick to working on either . Yeah  and they also will regularly identify tetromino shapes in real life like in patterns on buldings or in layouts of boxes  Haha  hilarous . Okay  well then maybe I m not so sad that I am not good at it  I would not want to deal with that .Right  Haha  I didn t know that Tetris was actually from the Soviet Union  I thought it was just part of the Tetris design where there were Russian buildings . Yes  Alexey Pajitinov was the original designer and programmer .You mentioned that Tetris can help with addictions  Well it can also help with PTSD  So if you can deal with seeing Tetris shapes everywhere it might be a good option for PTSD . Oh  I m glad you re still here  I thought you were gone  Well  that is great for PTSD sufferers  . No  it just takes me a while to think of what to say  Do you ever play dance video games . No  but I enjoy dance performances  Did you know Tupac was a ballet dancer . That is neat  Speaking of ballet dancers  they can go through four pairs of pointe shoes a week  Sounds painful and expensive . Yes  that does  I agree  I think its cute that babies hear music and spontaneously dance . When they hit the beat  So babies can hit the beat but it seems like a lot of us adult forget how to  haha .I know I have a hard time  When babies hit the beat it makes them smile .One thing that makes me smileis Michael Jackson s dance  I didn t know that to achieve lean he used a device which he patented . That was smart  those moves were pretty extreme  so that explains a lot of how it was done .Right  Bruce Lee was another great dancer  He won a Cha Cha championship .Did he really  Where did he do that  In the USA  Sounds like he is a multi talented guy .That was in Hong Kong Now I want to see if there is any footage of him dancing  Have a good day 
conversation_147 Do you like birds   I love watching them . I do  too  So many of them are beautiful  and even the ones that aren t are still incredibly unique  They can be anywhere between   inches or   feet .I think it s incredible how easily they can fly   It s probably because their bones are so hollow that the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers . Probably  Did you know one of the smallest birds  a hummingbird  will actually steal spider webs construct and repair their nests . That s funny   There are wild birds in Australia that can mimic the sound of cameras  car alarms  and chainsaws  That could get noisey .Wow  I wonder if they re in the parrot family or if other birds outside of the parrot family can mimic sounds like that .That s a good possibility   The extinct dodo bird is actually a sub family of pigeon   Interesting .That is interesting  Can you believe there are some birds that will migrate all the way from Alaska to Mexico without sleeping .That s pretty incredible   Do you like to dance . Only if I ve had a couple of drinks  but I respect the art form absolutely  How about you .I can t dance but wish I could   Tupac danced ballet in high school and ended up portraying the mouse king in the Nutcracker .That s pretty impressive  Bruce Lee was also evidently a pretty good dancer  He won the Hong Kong Cha Cha Championship in      .Wow   I had no idea he danced but I can see that going hand in hand with the karate moves .Most definitely  Did you know babies spontaneously dance when they hear music  I guess we as humans appreciate rhythm regardless of age .I didn t know that   Professional ballet dancers can go through   pairs of pointe shoes in a week   That could get expensive . Definitely  Though I can imagine why  standing on your tip toes so frequently with all of your body weight must be extremely taxing on shoes .Ouch   That s all I ll say   I would have broken toes   Michael Jackson has a patent on a device that was used to help him achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves . Hey  have you ever played Tetris . I did back in the day   The   best selling videogames of all time are Tetris  Minecraft  and Wii sports   I had fun chatting with you . You  too  I may go play some tetris  but that whole phenomenon of blocks falling in my sleep if I play too long freaks me out .LOL Have a great night 
conversation_148 Hello  What do you enjoy doing for entertainment .I really love to cook  Thanksgiving in my favorite holiday to cook for  Planning the meal and making everything fit on my oven is like tetris . Yes  so do I  and I agree  Thanksgiving and Chsitmas are my favorite Holidays  and you are right especially if you only have one oven to work with like susan westmoreland says  it s a bit like an acrobatic dance  lol. Great way to make a word picture  yes  I would totally agree  Planning backwards are what some experts say to do  like Susan Gage Caterers . haha  true  Another of my all time fav things to do would be dance  although my back doesnt like it so much  I love watching dance videos   . Oh yeah  me too Dancing while I bake pies for Thanksgiving is an exacta  I have a guilty pleasure of dancing to ballet musicals  I read that those ballerinas go through four pairs of pointe shoes per week  . That is a daily  cooking and dancing  and ouch    pairs  Oh my word  that beats my once every year  Another great dance was Michael Jackson  he had a patent on a device  I didnt know you could achieve lean in dance moves. Really  that is a cool fact  I liked his music even though the person is in question . True  its hard to know truth from lies in the media unfortunately  Bruce lee was also a great dancer he even won the hong kong cha cha championship in       I didnt know there was such a thing . The Cha Cha winner  How cool is that  Bruce Lee was an amazing athlete all the way around  I think its so sweet how babies can spontaneously dance when they hear music lol. Yes  I have   year old twin boys and they Love to  shake shake shake  shake your booty  haha they crack up everytime  They love to dance and watch our birds  Do you have birds . How precious  lol  Oh yeah  we have many many birds that come fly into our windows  in fact  Hummingbirds steal the spider webs to construct the own nests too  thats a nice bonus for me and less cleaning too . Wow  yes birds are amazing creatures and so light  their light bones are so hollow sometimes weighing less than their feathers  Love them . Yes  so delightful and treasured  Mine will mimic things that make me run looking for alarms sometimes lol. haha  I always wondered what such distances they can fly without resting  Ive learned that some birds can fly from alaska to northern mexico without sleeping   I wish I could fly  Vacations would be way cheaper . Gosh  that s a good point and they would be a lot more affordable  I am addicted to playing tetris when I fly because it takes my mind off of flying  Tetris is proven to be a quick and manageable fix for people who are trying to stick to a diet  quit smoking or drinking  I use it for flying . Tetris  such a great game  reminds me of my youth  Its been around since ive been around lol well I guess tetris is a few years older      it was created  . Yes  mine too  It is one of three of the greatest games of all time  Minecraft and Sport Wii are the other two  The tetris game has been used to help people suffering with PTSD also .Interesting  Do you know where it was created . Yes  it was created in Russia by a man who almost never made any money from it but eventually he did in       I must admit I had the tetris effect for a while after I played  I would see everything in blocks and a way to fit . Wow  It was truly a great invention and it traveled such a far way    from Russia . Gosh  yes it did  Over every ocean too  The franchise sold more than     million copies not counting all the downloads in todays time . I learned so much today  Thank you  It was fun chatting with you  Hugs and much Love to you  Take care 
conversation_149 Hi there   Looking forward to chat with You     .Me too   Would you believe it if I told you that the Chicago Cubs last won a World Series when the Ottoman Empire was still in existence . am    no  I don t think I would believe that       was that in Wikipedia      lol. Maybe a saved version of wikipedia   I won t soon forget when the Cubs really did win  back in       over my Indians .Your       at that time You were cheering for Indians  .Yes   I m not the owner of the team        they re just from my hometown .Although I m Polish   I got that    lol  How are they doing these days  . Pretty good  on top of their division last year  but no where as good as the Red Sox   They had an amazing start to the year  and then they won the World Series . Holy crap  nice  Probably fat bonuses for everybody    but hey    if they made their fans happy  why the heck not    they earned it  . They did   It was almost too easy   They have great pitchers  good hitters  and a new manager   Normally  a new manager isn t a help  but he was from the team who won the World Series the year before  The Houston Astros .Huh    do You think he knows a secret for winning World Series       idk    I think it s just a well paid team   . Money and chemistry build winning teams  if you ask me   Baseball is popular in the US  Japan  and a few other places   Is it played much in Poland . Not really  but we do buy baseball bats    to go watch soccer games on a stadium   . You buy bats   Why   I used to collect baseball cards  which can be quite valuable .well    when one soccer team meets other soccer team and those two towns teams are not friendly    You need to take whatever You can smuggle to the stadium to fight off the hooligans from the other team    lol   baseball bats are selling good in Poland but nobody plays the game    lol. ah     that s a little scary   I suppose without a baseball bat  my simple weapon of choice would be       something else I can t think of   Fascinating   I do like soccer   I m a Croat  half really   so the World Cup was exciting this year   Unfortunately  only the women s world cup is more popular in the US than the baseball world series .Croatia won out hearts this Worldcup   seriously   great job guys     It was a pleasure to watch Your matches  .Do you think Modric was really the best player in the tournament . In the entire tournament  Maybe not the actual best  but he showed a lot of passion for sure  . Fair enough   Do you think soccer coaches are important to the winning of a team  like they are in baseball . they sure are  but these days with so much primadonnas in the team  I think they have a tough job to do   . Yes  I get the impression that soccer players are paid very much   Baseball has some of those  but only a few total and maybe one or two on each team .Yeah     that among some other reasons doomed our Polish team in World Cup    sad really   . Well  I would root for the Polish team   I have great respect for your country . as my for Yours brother     what a kind thing to say  thank You     .Thank you   It was nice to talk with you 
conversation_150 Would you much of a baseball fan .A little   I just read something about the Boston Red Sox   They has some hard core fans .I guess they are doing well at the moment   they went so long without winning anything and now they can t stop .Yeah  Mookie Betts seems to really be getting some distance on his hits . That s a new name to me  seems like a name from a Star Wars movie   I wonder if they are the best team in baseball right now .I really don t know   They have a picture named Porcello that is really good   It sounds like they have a good balance between pitching and hitting .I m originally from a different country but my wife is from Cleveland   She used to get very excited in the late nineties when they had a good team .That s cool   I guess FanGraphs estimates that the Red Sox have a     chance to win the division   That s good for your wife   What country are you from . England  been here over twenty years   Have not really got into baseball  went to a few games in the past at Camden Yard and Jacobs Field . Well  a very belated  welcome    Are you a cricket fan   I didn t realize that the NYT owned part of the Sox   . I am  used to play to a fairly high level   Isn t that sacrilege for the NYT to be involved with Boston  or are they just hedging their bets . Yes  I had the same thought   They are such rivals   It s wild that baseball managers can actually play in the game   I have never seen that . I guess it s in the rules  that s why they wear the uniform   I d love to see one of those really old managers walk up to bat one day .Yeah   It would be even better if that old manager knocked it out of the park   Babe Ruth didn t look like an athlete so why not .So who did win the world series this year   Was it Boston or another team . The Sox   They played the LA Dodgers   I m actually a Royals fan and it was a bad year   As an aside  I had no idea Babe Ruth blew a World Series by getting caught stealing in        Say it ain t so Babe . He was an exceptional player  but he doesn t strike me as someone who was quick on his feet   New York should be able to forgive him.I m sure they have   It s also hard to believe that the Cubs won back to back World Series games   They have been mediocre for years . Guess all the curses are going away  there must be a statute of limitations on them . Ha   Yes  the  Curse of the Bambino  apparently was rescinded   The Sox won last   . Nice talking with you  Go Royals 
conversation_151 Do you watch baseball much .Yea I watch it during the world series when the AL champion faces off against the NL champion. Nice I enjoy watching the world series  my favorite team is the Red Sox  they won it this year . Yea  they ve been pretty good  kinda crazy the NY Giants refused to play them in the      world series. wow  I did not know that  Did you know the red sox have lost every game on ben afflecks birthday since     . No  I guess Ben Afflecks birthday is bad luck for the Red Sox.I guess so lol  Do you ever collect baseball cards .Yea but I never found   million dollars worth of cards in an attic before. Me too lol  talk about retiring early  wow  I wonder what cards he found in there  Maybe a babe ruth .Possibly  It s crazy Ruth ended game   trying to steal home in the      World Series. wow  talk about ruining it for your team  Was he a yankee at the time or a red sox  I can t remember.Had to be a yankee since Ruth was playing in the      world series. true  lol duh  Do you know why baseball managers wear uniforms . Because the manager can technically play in the game  I know Pete Rose did a few times as manager. wow  that makes sense  I played semi pro and my manager jumped in a couple times  he was like    at the time .That s pretty crazy  Do you know up until      the MLB schedules were done by a married couple . What do you mean  they went to the games until then or they created the schedules .They would make the schedule for all      mlb games.wow that would be so crazy and intense  I would like to be part of that though some day  I wonder who makes  them now  Good chatting with you . Nice chatting with you too  I think I m gonna try to look for old baseball cards in my attic. Me too lol  or my grandpas  bye 
conversation_152 Do you like dogs . Yes  I do   What s your favorite breed .I m more of a cat person  I was surprised to read there are    different dog blood types and that they can donate blood to eachother  Pretty cool . That is cool  Dogs are not colour blind  but cannot see as many different colours as humans.That s interesting  Google s code of conduct mentions that they are a dog company . Haha  yeah   Me too .Dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing .That s neat   Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city s stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles . Wow  that s awesome  The dog was the first species to be domesticated .A critical step in creation of wi fi was a byproduct of research into improving astronomy imaging.Interesting  Theoretical astronomy is oriented toward the development of computer or analytical models to describe astronomical objects and phenomena . Bill nye the science guy is the executive director of the planetary society  an astronomy organization founded by the great carl sagan .That s neat  Saadat shahr is a small rural community in iran nicknamed  Astronomy Town  because of the residents  passion for stargazing .That s cool   Didn t realize that . Yeah  the town clubbed together to pay for an observatory and on special occasions all the lights are cut to improve the view of the night sky .The fda burned six tons of literature in an act of us censorship.That s a shame  There is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel . In      sir winston churchill won a nobel prize  and it was in literature  not peace .I didn t know that  Literature was an olympic event from      until      . Architecture  literature  music  painting and sculpture were olympic events from      until      . I learned a lot  Thanks for chatting  
conversation_153 Do you like Baseball . I do  I watch mainly during the world series times though. Same here  I rooted for LA since I am from Cali   But Boston is good too .I always rooted for Atlanta growing up   They were a lot more dominant then .I rooted for the A s   That was crazy when the A s played the SF Giants and we had the Earthquake here   We won and got that Commisioners Trophy . Wow  an earthquake during a game   .Yep   The big one where a section of the Bay Bridge collapsed and the Marina District caught on fire   The game was suspended for a few days but I think A s won it   of   out of   games possible . Wow   Thats crazy   Im from Florida  so we have hurricanes  but we have quite a bit more warning   lol.Did you know the baseball coaches wear uniforms because they can actually play if needed lol . Yeah  I wonder if they ever needed to step in  or it is just a tradition .I think it is in the rule book   It is called America s pastime but I dont know    seems like there are more NFL and NBA fans at least out here .It does seem that way around here too   Baseball is actually really popular in Japan .I heard that often   what is weird is why Kickball is called Soccer Baseball in canada . It kinda makes since you kick it and operate like baseball  but seems clunky as a name  in my opinion.I guess a leg subs for the bat lol .Yeah   Did you know that the albuquerque isotopes are named after the team in the Simpsons . Smart  use a team already branded by one of the longest running shows in history   .It would help sell merch   people would want some because of the show . I don t think anyone will copy the Red Sox name  they have had it since      .Thats a long time   I heard they started wearing red socks after the team the red stockings dropped red from their uniform .I might have to watch a little baseball this season now lol   take care.You too   Good chat 
conversation_154  Hi  Are you a fan of baseball  got any favorite sports teams . I like baseball  but I don t really have a favorite team  Do you . Don t have a favorite team either but my friends are huge Red Sox fans not sure if it s because they have gone on to win nine world series championships or what but with those stats  seems like a great accomplishment .Well they have an amazing performance  Did you know Lebron James partly own the boston red sox . Oh really  I didn t know that  that must be a great investment  Lots of fans have superstitions surrounding games  do you have any  .Indeed  Do you like the mlb . Not really  the only player I m familiar with is Babe Ruth who was caught stealing to end the game and lose the world series in      . Well it has its pros and cons  After a   yr old female pitcher struck out babe ruth and lou gehrig  she was banned from pro baseball. I wonder how that banning action would fare in today s world and society  you think it would receive negative press .I think it would  Most men sports leagues don t outright ban females  They usually just have very difficult requirement to meet for females like the nfl. Oh yeah  I heard about that  I wonder if thee were collectible cards and females did make it to play on the male dominant teams  would the cards be as valuable as other cards or extra valuable  like a man found three million dollars worth of cards in his grandfathers attic .I guess attics are treasure troves. For some  unless its the attic of a hoarder  I wonder whether other sports team have requirements like baseball managers where they have to wear the uniforms because they have to play if the need arises .I still haven t seen the manager ever play  Are managers bench players . Don t think so  but some of those managers aren t in great shape to be playing on the fields  if anything  they should just forfeit the game to save the managers from embarrassment  . True  i was surprised that if a player catches a ball in their hat  the opposing team gets   bases. Yeah  I have yet to see that happen on tv nor have seen anyone attempt to do that  In Japan  baseball is also considered one of its national past time by how popular it is there .I personally don t find watching baseball games to be entertaining although I do enjoy baseball  Games here are fundamental different in atmosphere as asia. Yeah  when you have much more physical games like football and basketball  baseball and even golf can be quite boring  Even the broadcasting of the World Series is boring to me unless the marine corps did something like they did in      world series where they carried the Canada Flag into the stadium and it was upside down .I wonder if it would be more exciting if the dodgers finally win a world series champion  they have more losses than any other team.It sure has been a while since the Dodgers won  Have a good day
conversation_155  Hi  how are you .Hi  Good .Do you enjoy baseball . I do like baseball  but I don t really follow it  How about you .I love it  Watch a lot of games every year and can t wait until spring training    Babe ruth was caught stealing to end game   and lose the      world series with his team down by one run . Wow  that s awesome  Who is your favorite Baseball team  I like my Az team lol.Chicago Cubs  I m from Chicago so    Love going to Wrigley . O wow  that must be fantastic  I also like the Boston Red Sox  did you know the new york times has partial ownership .I did  Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises.Cool and smart  The Red Sox have won   world series games . That s a lot  Up until       a married couple  for    years  scheduled all      major league baseball games played each year. Really  That is a lot  crazy  I didn t know that in Canada kickball is also called soccer baseball  interesting .A man found three million dollars worth of     s baseball cards in his grandfathers attic  hidden since the     s . Whoa  what a lucky find that was  Did you know the Chicago Cubs were the  st to win back to back world series    but haven t won since    but I bet you know that .I did  And they won in      so that s inaccurate  But it s not your fault    You ve been great . Ohh  haha sorry    So in      world series the US Marine corps color guard carried the Canada flag into the stadium upside down  nuts .WHAT  That s a lot disrespectful  Crazy   .Right  I don t know if that was a mistake or not    .I hope it was    At least it wasn t on national TV   .I hope not too  Gotta love the world series .Nice chatting with you .Great chatting with you too  Have a good one .You too
conversation_156  Hey  you a fan of any sports involving hitting balls with sticks .Many such games fit that description    Golf is one I enjoy . I like golf a lot  It s a real shame how much water is wasted per day on each course  though  It s over         gallons a day a course . True  but consider that golf courses in America combined are larger than the size of two small US states . Yeah  golf must be pretty popular in that case  Did you know there exists a golf course in Dubai that uses around   million gallons a day  That must cost a lot of money .I suppose that comes with games that cannot and do not utilize a standardized playing area.You know what games do utilize a standardized playing area  Baseball and softball  The fields are pretty similar .Interesting     Babe Ruth was both a famous golfer and baseball player . Speaking of famous people who play sports  Samuel L  Jackson actually plays golf twice a week during filming of whatever he s in .Cool     Did you know Jose canseco claims to hold the record for longest softball homerun at     feet. Woah  that s really far  Softball players don t make a lot of money  It s usually between        and        . Well  what do you expect with a game invented at the YMCA . Softball may have been invented at the YMCA  but it s pretty much a lesser baseball  which is America s national pastime  . Someone asked me about points in baseball  and I had to explain they are runs . Yeah  golf uses points called strokes though  Unlike baseball  less is more in golf . Funny how things get named   like golf uses clubs  but baseball uses a bat .Softball uses a bat as well .True     I wonder if they called it that when they used an actual soft ball .I wonder if the fact that the game used to use a soft ball but now uses a hard ball has any influence on the records . It probably does  although more important is that softball started as an indoor sport . That is pretty important  but it s usually played outside nowadays  Baseball started outdoor and remained outdoor . Probably for the best  although I wouldn t want to be outside for a    inning game      Thanks for the chat 
conversation_157 How s it going  Do you like sports .Pretty good   You   I do like sports   I m glad baseball season is about to start back up .Did you know there is a golf course in Dubai that requires   million gallons of water a day  Seems like such a needless waste .No I didn t but I totally agree with you   I guess Dubai is in a desert region so they need a lot of water to keep the grass green but it still seems wrong just to play golf on it . Even the ones in the US only use    k gallons a day  which is no small amount  but is much less than that one single course .Isn t Dubai mostly for the wealthy   That could explain the excess .It actually is not even as wealthy as New York or London  It is only marketed to seem very wealthy when in reality it isn t all that much  Abu Dhabi is actually the most wealthy city in the world . I didn t know that  I always thought it was Dubai  It looks like I ve believed the hype   Speaking of hype  did you know that Babe Ruth was one our most famous golfers .He must have been much better than Micheal Jordan haha  Did you know Samuel L Jackson puts a golf clause in his contracts that allows him to play golf twice a week during production of a movie  He must really love golf .He really must and people must love him to allow it in his contracts .Did you know kickball is also called soccer baseball in Canada  That s kind of weird .It does sound weird    Did you know that the ymca invented softball . They also invented volleyball softball and basketball  I find it hard to believe the basketball one though  pretty sure it was around before the YMCA  I could be wrong though .I don t know  I heard somewhere that James Naismith invented basketball   I m not sure if he was with the ymca or not . A man found   million dollars worth of baseball cards in his grandfathers attic  talk about a stroke of luck . That is lucky   You know  I ve heard that baseball is super popular in Japan   Over there they are surprised to learn it s our national pastime . Man as of      the average salary for a pro softball player was between       and        does not sound like a good sport to become a pro in .No it really doesn t   It s odd that s it s so low considering softball was the first sport shown on espn . Well i would say soccer is probably the best sport to go pro in because they make more money than basketball football and golf combined . I agree   speaking of softball though  did you know that the longest game in college history lasted    innings .Wow that is crazy long  Well it was nice chatting with you  Have a good day 
conversation_158 Good morning   Do you watch baseball   It can be a lucrative thing to be a fan of the game   A man found   million dollars worth of baseball cards once .I am a baseball fan  I used to collect cards but I really doubt mine are worth   million dollars .After hearing about that man I wish I had collected them   The ones he found though were from the     s   They had been stashed away since the     s . I could only imagine how exciting that was  My cards were from the late     s and     s  there were a lot of sets made then  I bet there were a lot less made in the     s .I don t know actually   The weird thing about baseball is that it s america s national pastime but it is super popular in Japan of all places .I know that a few countries in Asia have really taken up baseball  A lot of former MLB players play in Korea as well .I ve heard that before   Japan likes it so much that they are actually shocked to learn that it comes from america .That surprises me because after World War   they have become a lot more open to Western culture and adopting some of our styles and customs . It is surprising   Speaking of surprising  did you know that the reason the managers wear uniforms is so they can go in the game if needed .In previous years some players played a dual role as a manager as well  Now I don t think most managers would be able to last in the game . True  some of them look a bit out of practice   What do you think of softball   I didn t know it was invented by the ymca . I did not know that either  I enjoy playing softball  it is a lot more fun to play recreationally than baseball .i like playing too   What i learned recently was that it was originally invented as an indoor game though  I never knew that before . I can t imagine it as an indoor game  that seems more like wiffleball to me . It does seem odd   You know  it s supposed to be a faster game than regular baseball and yet the longest softball game in history went for    innings   That is a long game . Any league I ve played in always had rules to prevent that from happening  I couldn t imagine being involved for    innings  that s almost   baseball games .I imagine it was pretty tiring for everyone   Softball really doesn t get as much respect as baseball even with that super long game   Professional players only make around   or   thousand dollars a year . It s really hard to turn your sport into a major force in the US  With the popularity of the NFL  MLB  NBA  and NHL  they dominate the sports scene .They definitely do at that   It s sad to think about it though because the game has been around since      .At least the YMCA created basketball and therefore one of the major sports leagues around today  Not bad for a recreational game they thought up .True  They invented volleyball too 
conversation_159 hi how are you  do you like sports . I m doing very well  thanks  I love sports.do you like golf  i have never played golf .I love golf  Its a great sport where individual players hit balls with clubs into a series of holes on a golf course in as few strokes as possible .I never played because it looked expensive  How long have you played .I have been playing for about    years now and another thing I wanted to mention that the golf course consists of    holes but if you play the game for fun its usually   holes . Ok  but doesnt it cost a lot for the equipment and the greens fees and stuff .Well that depends on the equipment you buy and also where you play .I guess i would want the cheapest stuff  i played sports with minimal equipment growing up . The gold course requires a lot of water to maintain about         gallons in fact per day . That sounds like quite a bit  it is ok in some places  but maybe where water is scarce  it is not ideal . This is just the average for American golf courses  I read somewhere that a golf course in Dubai requires           gallons of water per day to maintain . That is insane  in a desert country  it seems excessive  but i guess that the rich have the money for that kind of hobby .I agree  Do you know any famous baseball player that is also a very famous golfer .Is this a recent player  i know that a lot of them play gofl .No this baseball player was back in the     s .The babe  Did he play golf  He could hit a ball pretty fall . You guessed it correctly  Babe Ruth  he was a fantastic baseball player and at one point America s most famous golfer . That is amazing  he was a big fellow though  i bet he could drive it pretty far  Anyway  great chat .Yes he was  It was nice chatting with you as well  Have a nice night   .You too  Have a nice weekend .you have a nice weekend as well .Thanks .Bye   
conversation_160 Do you watch the show Fixer Upper . Hello  I do  What about you .I have yes  They are having another baby.That s pretty cool  Do you like attending concerts .I do  I would love to go to a show at an old roman amphitheater.That would be very cool to see  Did you know Linkin Park played     concerts back in      .Thats a lot of shows  They were very popular when they first hit the scene.I agree  I love Linkin Park  What about you .I do as well  Sad about chester.I agree  Such a waste of talent to go out like that .Just like the waste during a      concert  Creed was sued because it was so bad.That s funny they were sued  I bet it was very bad .Are there any artist that you would like to see live .I would love to see Pink Floyd  What about you .Eminem is on my bucket list  He made kanye rewrite his part in a song after hearing eminems verse.It would be very cool to see Eminem  The Ramones played      concerts in    years .That must of taken a toll on them     years non stop.I bet  Do you like Drake .He is ok  Makes good club music.I agree  Not music I would listen to on a daily basis .Did you know he didnt graduate high school until    . I did not know that  Very interesting  Well  it was good chatting with you 
conversation_161  Hello  do you like Drake as a singer . Hey there  yes he is okay  Do you know his real name .Yes it is Aubrey Drake Graham and he is a Canadian.Yes he is  He graduate high school at   .Better late than never I guess  He also seems to be a lot into kids books like winnie the phooh and charlotte s web.Yeah I wonder who it was for though  Did you know the beat from hotline bling is sampled .Oh yeah heard that it was sampled from Why we can t live together of TImmy THomas. Yeah pretty cool  that song was out before Drake was born back in     .Yeah exactly  Once he visited Drake University in the middle of the night when the students did not expect it.Wow that must have been awesome for them  Do you go to concerts much . I do from time to time  In      Linkin Park played     concerts alone  mind blowing.When did they rest  Wow that is pretty amazing  THe Ramon toured for    years too. Right  and they played a staggering      concerts during that time. WOw  those guys honestly  In Craotia there is an ancient theater that is still used for concerts.Hmm sounds like the one PInk FLoyd used in Pompeii for a concert without an audience. What a waste  I would have liked to be there for sure  Creed concerts was really bad though that they got sued.Wow must have been really bad then  DO you ever shop at target .Yes quite a bit  They will match Amazon prices so it makes it a good place to shop.Nice I did not know that  There is no Target in Vermont though.SO I guess they have to stick with Amazon  And they do not carry tobacco products since   .Hmm so I guess not a good spot for smokers either
conversation_162 do you go to concerts . I go when I can  how about you .Me too  Did you know Linkin Park played     concerts in      .Wow that is amazing  How did they have time to rest .Exactly  The ramones also toured for    years straight.WOw that is amazing  Did you know ABBA turned down an offer to have a reunion . Yeah they played      concerts during that time  They did  why . Wow amazing  Yes  they turned down a    billion offer.WOw  A Creed concert was really bad that people sued them once.That is too bad  DO you like Drake .I like him somewhat  Do you know when he graduated high school . Hmm I am not sure actually  was it recent . Yes pretty recent  it was in      when he was   . Yeah better late than never I guess for him  he was busy otherwise.True   DO you know his real name or full name .Yes his name is Aubrey Drake Graham and he is Canadian.Yeah  Did you know the beat for Hotline Bling is sampled . Did not know that  from which song .It is the song WHy can t we live together .Nice  Did you know he was in Degrassi . Did not know that  pretty cool an actor as well  Nice chatting with you. Same here  have a good one 
conversation_163  Hello there  do you attend many concerts these days . Nope  More of a TV watcher  But know a little about the fabulously successful rapper  Drake Graham  or Drake  from Canada  Heard of him . Yeah I have heard of him  he has made some good songs   Do you know what age he graduated high school . They say age     I m guessing that he may have received a GED   He s been in show business  first  a TV series called Degrassi  The Next Generation  ever since Drake was a    year old  Maybe dropped out of school in about  th grade . Yeah what I think is that he started so young he didn t have time to finish  but eventually did a GED type program   I m sure he is more than smart enough  . Absolutely  I d say the guy found his calling in the music industry  especially rap  He s also written songs  produced albums and become a savvy entrepreneur  they say  Not just your average Next Generation kid . No  he is not  I know he has won multiple grammys as well . Yes  earned his  st Grammy in       and has earned more for Best Rap Sung Performance and Best Rap Album .That is very impressive   Did you know he once sampled a Timmy Thomas hit . No  As I mentioned  I m more of a TV watcher  Although I m not into reality TV much  one show I ll miss that s recently concluded after   seasons on HGTV is Fixer Upper  Ever see it . No thats not one that I have seen before  is it pretty good . It was  actually  Chip and Joanna Gaines  a conservative evangelical couple from Texas  who did not impose their religious beliefs on TV audiences  but were clearly sincere down home folks  took houses needed fixing and turned them into dream homes for clients  It was heartwarming  and the couple were fun loving . That sounds pretty entertaining  I might have to check it out when I can  . You ll have to catch back episodes from their   seasons       to        Recently they welcomed their  th child  and ended the show  they said  to put their family  st again  There s a whole genre of fix up shows  PBS  on TV today  Who knew . Well I can respect them making that decision  I m sure it s best for their family  . Agreed  Sorry  I meant to say that there s a whole genre of fix it shows  all of which stem from This Old House  now on PBS  on several networks  including HGTV  today . Oh ok  yeah I think I have heard of some of those shows before as well  . If you want to see more of the Gaines couples work  they re written best selling books and have a home goods line featured at Target stores  Have a Target reasonably close to you  Do you shop there . Yeah we do have a Target in town  I think I will check that out  thanks . I know Target well because I witnessed their growth from one location in the Roseville Shopping Center in the suburban Twin Cities of St  Paul and Minneapolis  MN to Target becoming the  th largest US retail department store today  Ever heard about Target s history . No  I can t say I know a whole lot about that   But  it s been nice chatting with you today  I hope you have a good day 
conversation_164  I am sure that you know that Black Panther is a Marvel Comics character  right .The richest superhero  Worth      billion .That s the one   The origins of the script for the movie date back to the  th century .The character was not named after the black panther party .No   LOL   Caught me off guard with that   The old script was written in Nigeria .Chadwick Boseman played the character Black Panther .The film was sure a block buster   Apparently Denzel Washington helped him get his education .Supporting his training at Oxford . I see   To change the subject  did you know that over    of the earth s forest have been destroyed in the history of our planet .I believe it  We need the land for farming and people want the lumber . Yes   I heard that when the Europeans discovered North America  a squirrel could go from coast to coast without touching the ground  Now we expect to have no helium left on earth is less than    years .I wonder if the aliens will need the helium when they finally settle on our planet  The UN now has an ambassador for extraterrestrials . Unless there really is  warp speed  I think it will take aliens too long to get here   I did hear about that ambassador being appointed in      .The earth covered mostly with water in the form of oceans  I think that the aliens might want our planet for the water . Could be   But if they don t have any they won t know that they find it useful   Fortunately for sea levels  both of our poles are covered with ice .Do you read non fiction  It s fascinating stuff . I have read quite a bit   I like Grisham and Clancy   But I also like the best selling non fiction book  the Bible . Jack London lived as a poor person in London  and wrote a book about it .It is hard to write about things one has not experienced   That is why Grisham s books are about the law   George W Bush reading    biographies of Lincoln is a person trying hard to do well .He also read a lot of nonfiction  Good way to get an education  No need for school .I agree   Education should continue through one s life   Who would have thought that one of only   people to have both a fiction and non fiction best seller would be a country singer . A man of many talents  Well  I enjoyed chatting . Me too  nice chat 
conversation_165  Hello there  did you see the Black Panther film that was recently in theaters . Yea  I think Chawick Boseman did a great job as T Challa.I have yet to see the movie but I heard that he did a really good job as well .Ryan Coogler did an awesome job directing Black Panther and Michael B Jordan was good too.I heard the same thing   I guess the black panther is the richest superhero there is as well . Yea  apparently Black Panther is worth more than Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne combined.That is crazy  I never knew there was one that had more money than those guys . Yea  in the comics Black Panther is worth     billion dollars.Did you know that some of the symbols and written scripts used in the movie were based on actual script dating back to the  th century . Yea  based on Nsibdi from the Nigeria region. I think that is very cool  I always like it when those types of movies use actual history references  . Yea but it s unfortunate that they censored the phrase  praise hanuman  from the indian release of Black Panther. That sounds really stupid to me  that overly pc stuff has gotten a bit too much for me  .The Indians weren t happy they censored it either and thought it was empowering rather than insulting.Yeah and I don t blame them for feeling that way to be honest . Yea people can be sensitive over trivial stuff instead of important things  like     of natural forests being destroyed. Exactly  that is so alarming and people are more concerned with silly stuff  .Yea like the UN appointing an official ambassador to extraterrestrials. That too  I wonder how much the salary is for that job . Too much  I m pretty worried the earth will be helium free by the end of the century. Yeah I wonder what all the party balloon companies will do to survive   Anyways  it s been nice talking with you  I hope you have a good day 
conversation_166 Hello  Its pretty cold today  It makes me wonder whether more of the earth s polar regions are covered with ice today .I know it is freezing    in Chicago it is near      So cold . Wow   Its definitely a good day to stay in and catch some movies  Speaking of movies  Black Panther has the richest superhero out there  worth      billion .That s a lot of money  They are re releasing th emovie for free from February       for african american month   .Wow   Thats amzinzing  I know there was a lot of confusion when the movie was first released   many people confused it with the black panther party . Yeah  they are a lot different  T challa is the richest superhero . That s interesting  You know  there s a lot that we can do with this extra day off with the cold and all   we have the whole day to indulge  Did you know that when the Earth was first formed  a day was only     hours long .I had no idea  I do know that I am working on this cold day and worked out this morning  It has been a cold day . Yes it has  The weather and the earth s atmosphere is forever changing  By the   st century  we anticipate running out of Helium  That s going to significantly impact human life   scary  .How is it going to impact humans  I am curious to know more . Well  for one  Helium makes up a large portion of our atmosphere  I do know that  And Helium helps to keep things floating so I can only imagine the impact will be negative .Thanks for the insight  I had no idea . I m just thinking about how our atmosphere works    I   no expert but I think its safe to say that the absence of Helium could come at a high cost .I agree  I had no idea that it was that precious .Yessss   I guess we could gain more insight about what the future holds for humanity by reading the bible  Did you know that the bible is the biggest selling non fiction book ever printed  That s pretty impressive .I did  George W bush read    biographies of lincoln  That s crazy  I do not think Lincoln knew that much about himself .That s funny   And probably true   He also read     historical nonfiction books   That s a lot of knowledge . Yeah  I can barely read and here he is showing off reading that much .I hear ya   Jack London lived as a poor down and out pauper and still managed to write a book about exposing the gap between the rich and the poor  So there s always hope   Keep at your reading    and you ll get better .I hope  I have written a lot so I hope it all comes together . I do too    Well  its been good talking to you  I have to get going  Have a great day  Goodbye .You too 
conversation_167  Hello  what kind of genre do you prefer in books . I prefer non fiction   Although in fiction  I like mystery and drama   What authors do you like .I do not have a favorite author but I love the Harry Potter series . I enjoyed the movie  Black Panther which was based on a Marvel Comics character .I love all the movies of Harry Potter too  I love Black Panther  WAKANDA FOREVER .The director of Black Panther also co wrote it   He must have earned some bucks .I bet he earns a lot of money  That was a popular movie .His name is Ryan Coogler .Ryan Coogler  It made me think of cougar.One woman got a role in the movie and began her acting career at age     That s old.I agree  Unless she has that energy . Marvel started a studio to do the film   They borrowed money and put their other characters up as collateral   If the studio had failed  Merril Lynch would have owned Captain America and others .I started liking Marvel after Spider Verse  That is crazy . I grew up on DC comics  but Marvel has cut their own niche   Denzel Washington helped Chadwick Boseman financially to study at Oxford    years ago   That produced a great result .What is your favorite DC comic .I prefer Superman but Justice League is a close second   He can turn back time by circling the earth   The earth is the densest of the   terrestrial planets .Have you watched Bumblebee .I don t know what that is   Enlighten me .Have you heard of Transformers .Of course   They would certainly be in the genre of Sci fi if they were in a book .Bumble bee is that one yellow robot  That movie is all about him .I see   Guess I will go now 
conversation_168  Good morning  are you a fan of standup comedy .good morning  I am a little bit of a fan  Are you a fan . Yes  I ve been trying to go to a lot more shows lately  I recently saw Bill Burr and he was very funny .That s cool   I like comedy movies and tv shows   Have you ever seen  rd rock from the sun .I have watched a few episodes but I didn t follow it closely  How about you . I ve seen a few  I heard it beat out Seinfeld  Friends  and even Frasier for the best comedy award in      . That was a lot of great shows nominated at once  I watch a lot of Brooklyn Nine Nine now  I think that s one of the best shows on TV .I ve never seen it but I have seen the commercials and it looks funny   You are right about all those great shows   Sounds like there was a lot of good comedy back in      .It s definitely not the same these days as it was back then  I think the rise of cable prices has hurt how many people are watching TV .Speaking of cable tv  What do you think of comedy central . I like Comedy Central  I haven t watched it as much lately because I have been watching Netflix and Amazon Prime more .Comedy Central may be very particular on how they do comedy   I ve heard they ve canceled over     shows since they started back in      .That s a lot of shows to cancel  I know from watching Daniel Tosh s show he would reference a show they canceled quickly each week .Really   I guess they are selective then   i ve never watched the channel  Do they do different types of comedy or just one .They have a lot of original programming so they broadcast a wide variety of comedy  They also air original stand up comedy specials as well .So have you ever seen ken jeong perform .I have not seen him perform his stand up yet  He just released a new special on Netflix  I have only seen him in movies and on TV . Yeah  i haven t seen him either   I heard he used to be a doctor of some kind . Yes he was  it s a pretty interesting career transition from being a doctor to being an actor .Especially to a stand up comedian actor   I wonder what made him do it . He must have really felt the calling to it  It was fun chatting about comedy with you  have a great day 
conversation_169 Have you ever had a seizure  I can t believe that someone had a seizure at Ken Jeong s comedy show .I have never had one but i have seen people have them and yeah he thought it was a heckler thats pretty insane.I know  Crazy  I would have probably though the same  They said he ran right over to the person .Yeah he was an internal medicine practitioner before he turned to comedy so he attended to the woman until medics arrived.That is great  I heard that the audience members didn t even record this  Amazing .That is suprising considering how glued people are to their phones.I agree  I just hope most people are happy with how he reacted  That can be crazy .I agree the audience met him with a round of applause when he returned to the stage . So  Did you even realize that Comedy Central has cancelled over     shows since       .no I did not realize that why are they cancelling so many shows .Personally it feels like it because so many people are so sensitive now .I agree with that I think people are way too sensitive now   I liked all the shows that used to be on like  rd Rock form the Sun it won the golden globe for best comedy series in     .I loved  rd rock   Are you into comics at all  I am not but my boys are .I am a huge super hero nerd lol    I love the avengers marvel or dc comics idc I like it all lol.I don t know know that much about it  Have you heard about the generic comic book .Yeah Marvel published it in order to trademark the names of the heroes and villians.I had no idea what dc comics stands for .the dc stands for detective comics.Oh  I get that  Did you know that the Michigan State U library has the largest publicly available comic book collection  .I did not know that    I know that there are some that sell for a pretty penny.So good talking to you tonight  
conversation_170 Hi  Do you watch any comedy .Sometimes  What about you . Yeah  though I have never seen any one perform live  Ken Jeong  the comedian is actually a licensed physician and even saved someone who had a seizure during his shows .Oh wow he is a real doctor  I thought that was just a bit for tv . He actually went to medical school and did residency to become licensed  but I m guessing he makes way more as a famous comedian than as a physician  what do you think .That is crazy to think we live in a society where being famous can pay more than people whos job it is to save lives . Yeah  like I remember reading that the actor who plays Dr  House gets paid more than     K per episode  I m thinking doctor s make about that in a year or something .Wow that is just crazy amounts of money  But look at the budget for movies like avengers  Billions of dollars . Considering that Infinity War was the first film to ever be shot entirely with digital imax cameras  they probably needed that billion dollars .Probably  Have to admit it though it made for one heck of a movie . Yeah  Was it because of the script or the all star cast which included Robert Downey  Chris Hemsworth  Chris Evans  Benedict Cumberbatch  Christ Pratt .I think the script  They have taken actors that were only sort of known and really put them on the map with these amazing scripts . Yeah  I agree but what I m wondering is what the movie has to do with increase in shawarma sales  do you have any idea  did I miss something from the movie .It has caused that  That is awesome  There is a scene at the end of the battle in new york where they all go for shawarma and are chilling around this table  It is iconic in the avengers universe . Oh  I really did miss it  thanks for clarifying  Crazy to think how the voice actor who plays Jarvis has never seen any of the films  Wouldn t he be invited to the screening and stuff .You would think  Isn t he the guy that plays vision now . Oh really  I don t know  I d have to read up on the books to know  Did you have read the comic books before watching the movies .No I ve never been much of a comic book reader  It sounds like there are some interesting storylines that could be turned into movies though . Yeah  me neither but it sure opens your mind to endless creativity like the universe takes place in earth        years ago and there s a multiverse too .Stan lee was a visionary  He will be so missed  I can t imagine not seeing his cameos in the coming movies . Yeah exactly and who s going to end phone conversations with  excelsior  like he did 
conversation_171  Hello  are you a comedy fan   Are you familiar with Ken Jeong s.Not really but I have heard of the show The Hangover  Some comics are really brutal and I don t like humor that hurts people .He is actually a Dr   He studied at Duke University .That is interesting  I wonder why he went from medicine to humor  It s a good thing because he saved the woman in the story . Yes  I heard about this awhile back   A women was having a seizure   He first thought she was a heckler . Hecklers are not funny at all  I went to a comedy show where there were several and they ruined the whole performance  I don t think I could be a comedian you have to have a tough skin  He is good  though . It is said that once he realized what was going on  he jumped off stage and into action .I suspect that the training never leaves you  I would rather be a doctor but I guess he does really well acting  Comedy is a lot of fun if you don t hurt other people with jokes .I m sure he makes more as a comedian and actor   After his actions he told the crowd that he checked her vitals and reassured the crowd   They applaued him . I like The Three Stooges type of humor  Or Mr  Bean  I just watched one of his movies and I laughed all the way through  He makes fun of himself  mostly  And it hurts no one  .Ken got his break in a comedy contest   He then moved to LA and performed sets after long days in a HMO clinic .That must have been difficult so he must have a real gift for comedy  I will have to check it out  The empire strikes back   was a comedy and I did not even know that  I need to keep up these movies . YOU SHOULD DO THAT   DID YOU KNOW THAT BILL MURRAY THINKS  KUNG FU HUSTLE  IS THE SUPREME ACHIVEMENT IN COMEDY . I don t know Kung Foo Hustle  Bill Murray is funny  though  I remember him on Saturday Night Live  Now that was funny  Especially Gilda Radner and Chevy Chase .Bill Murray is an all time great   I also saw that the Green Lantern movie was originally going to be a comedy with Jack Black .The Greeks invented comedy as part of a dramatic performance  I would like to go back and see how funny they were compared to today s comedians . I didn t know that   Speaking of comedy and movies  The Avengers movie  Infinity War  was the first movie shot completely with digital imax cameras . That s another one I haven t seen  That s is interesting  though  I like the raven s names Hugin and Munin . I am a huge comic book fan   Lou Ferrifno  who played the Hulk in the original      s tv show has voiced him dor everything up until Avengers Age of Ultron.There were a lot of big starts doing the voices in the Avengers   I like the Hulk  I always felt sorry for his character . Yes  he is kind of sad   Well have a Merry Christmas 
conversation_172 Good Morning  Have you ever heard of K Pop . K pop is the music which is originated in South Korea  they are more popular in      .I like how South Korea blasted K Pop across the border to North Korea in      . The north korea sank a south korean warship in       south korea responded by blasting the k pop song  hit your heart  across the border using large military loud speakers .I bet that was very annoying to listen to all day and night  Did you know even Jackie Chan manages a K Pop boy band . Dance can be categorized and described by its choreography  to make the movement repeat and well organised . Speaking of choreography  ballet dancers can go through   pairs of shows a week .Ballet dance is originated in Italian Renaissance in the   th century and it become concert dance in France and Russia . I think it is cool that it s still around to this day  Michael Jackson has some patents on some of his dance moves  crazy .Dance is also represent the culture and traditional of particular region  Mostly it make our body well control and organised .Even Tupac dance ballet in high school and performed in the production of the nutcracker .Babies are dances immediately when they hear music and make their body very flexible .I think it s crazy how babies can do that  I can t believe Bruce Lee was a dancer and was even in a dance championship in      . It is very interesting  Dance is art  sometime other forms of human movement are sometimes said to have dance like quality  including martial arts and physical activity . That is an awesome type of art  I think birds are a type of art as well  especially hummingbirds that steal spider webs for their own nests .Birds are living world wide and there are more than ten thousand spices world wide  Birds have wings which developed more or less according to their species . That is a lot of species  In most birds  their skeleton weighs less than their feathers .So only it make to fly very high and far away  Some times birds travel from one continent to another continent for their breed .They even go without sleeping during the migration .Yeah  They no need of visa and other formalities .They really don t huh  Have a good day 
conversation_173  Hi  how are you .Good  I learned a few fun facts  Did you know that Bruce Lee was a great dancer as well as kung fu star and won the Hong Kong Cha Cha championship in      . That s cool never would have pictured him doing the Cha Cha but it takes the same skills probably to perform Kung Fu . Other stars you would not expect  Tupac danced ballet and was the Mouse King in his high school production of the Nutcracker . Wow  Tupac   You must be pulling my leg   Never could he be a ballet dancer   Wow .I know but creative people are drawn to the arts  Just like how babies are drawn to music  They will spontaneously dance when they hear music and smile when they hit the beat . Speaking of ballet  did you know that ballet dancers can go through   pairs of pointe shoes in a week .That is a lot of shoes  They must need it for all the extreme moves they perform  Kind of like Michael Jackson s extreme lean that he has a patent on .You re probably right .Some birds are so beautiful it is almost like they are dancing in flight  Hummingbirds are some of my favorites  Did you know they steal spiderwebs to build their nests . Yes  birds are amazing   Their bones are so hollow the fearthers weigh more than their skeletons .That is fascinating  Some birds migrate from Alaska to Mexico without sleeping . I wouldn t make a good bird   Couldn t do that  at all .Me either  I sometimes worry I would be like a dodo bird  They are in a sub family of pigeon . Lol  didn t know that   I read some wild Australian birds can mimic sounds like chainsaws and car alarms .I find birds fascinating  They evolved wings and yet some lost the ability to fly like penguins  And then there are others that lived near water that became great at swimming . If I was a bird  I hope I would have enough smarts to evolve to thrive in my environment   Our poor birds today are struggling   I ve watched Canadian Geese all winter try to figure out when to head back North  only to hit a blizzard and have to turn around and fly back South   It s sad .It is sad  They are such a great indicator species of our environment  Everything from the smallest   inch hummingbird to the   foot ostrich . On a different note  have you ever heard of K pop .I have and I was shocked to find out that Jackie Chan manages a k pop boy band . Wow  didn t know that about Jackie  Well  it s been nice chatting this morning   Have a good Friday 
conversation_174 Do you like dogs . I do  Im a dog person  what about you .I like them though I don t have one  Dogs and elephants are the only animals that can naturally understand pointing .They are  I guess both are really smart dogs can also see color so thats something . Interesting  Always thought they were color blind  Google also prefers dogs to cats  so much that it is in their code of conduct . And that s why I love Google  that and also the fact that Google has saved my life many times lol.I feel bad for stray dogs sometimes  Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for them if you recycle plastic bottles .I guess those vending machines make a lot of doggies happy and also they help keep the streets clean  Its a win win situation I guess.yeah I think you re right  Another good cause is doggy blood drives  However not sure how the dogs feel about that since they can t consent  Haha . There are    different types of bloods in dogs  how interesting is that.Interesting  What kind of dogs do you like . I like small dogs  big dogs are high maintenance and scare others  what about you . Yeah I love a little dog  especially one in a little sweater or a shirt  I ve even seen one in a polo shirt  The polo shirt was actually invented for tennis  not polo . Really always thought it was a polo things  shirts are part of our culture and I guess polo shirts are a classic now. Yeah  they were invented for tennis player Rene  the crocodile  Lacoste  Another shirt I like is the Hawaiian shirt  Have yet to see one on a dog  That s the official business attire in Hawaii . Oh so Lacoste was the inventor  thats really interesting  did you hear about Bill Mays funeral . No  I haven t hear about it .Apparently the pallbearers wore Blue shirts in his funeral and also khaki pants . That is kind of cool  Speaking of cool  do you think Ugg boots are cool  They were invented by surfers to keep their feet warm after getting out of the water .I do wear them specially in the winter or when it rains I like to wear sport shoes better but boots can be comfy . Yeah  I like them too  I have cozy sweater looking ones for the house  It s getting hot where I am already but we were blessed with another cool day  I m going to go enjoy the evening  have a good one 
conversation_175  Hello there  are you a dog or a cat person .I would have to say I am a cat person. I think I am a dog person  but I don t mind cats   Did you know dogs have    different blood types .That is cool   I heard they also have doggie blood drives too .Yeah that is super cool   Did you also know that dogs are not color blind like most people think . Yeah  I heard that they can see colors  not as well as we do but still in color. They also  along with elephants  are the only two animals the seem to understand pointing by instincts  .They are definitely mart animals   That might by Google prefers them to cats . That is so weird  and I guess they came out and declared they were a dog company  . Yeah   I dont know why  but that is how they identify . Did you know that in Istanbul  they have a vending machine for stray dogs .Yes   It is such a cool concepts   Recycle bottles for  dog food   How neat . Yeah I think that is really cool  and I know other countries around the world have big stray dog problems  .I think even one place in Russia dogs are trained on using the subway .That is incredible   Did you know the dog was the first species to be domesticated . Wow  I didn t know that   I would have thought it was cats .Yeah I thought the same thing .I wonder why dogs seem to chew on shoes so much . Same here  I know I have had plenty of shoes torn up in my lifetime by dogs .Did you know boots are a type of footwear and not a specific shoe . No  I didn t know that   It was nice talking to you today  I hope you have a day 
conversation_176 Hello  Do you own any dogs .I do   I have one and have had one all my life since I was a kid .Oh nice  Me too  Google even prefers dogs to cats lol .Nice   Some dogs in Moscow have learned to use the subway . Well those dogs are definitely smarter than me lol  Dogs aren t color blind either  just don t see the same thing we see .I wonder why they always have said they are  lol  I always find it amusing how a dog drinks with the underside of their tongue .That is so cool  Dogs are so smart for sure  Dogs and elephants are the only animals that understand pointing .Cool   Russia has a tomb of the unknown dog as a memorial for canine research subjects   Kind of sad .It really is  I just love dogs haha  Did you know in Hawaii the office attire of choice is the aloha shirt  Talk about comfy .Nice   Sign me up   lol  At Billy Mays funeral the pallbearers wore blue shorts and khaki pants   Kind of casual and different .RIP Billy Mays  I like how polo shirts were originally invited for tennis players .I didn t know that   I know the tshirt was invented in      and was marketed to bachelors who couldn t sew or replace buttons .That would be the market I would have been in back then haha  I wish I would have invented the Ugg boots back then too haha . Yes   When we re they created    I think they have been around since the      s .They were actually invented by surfers to keep their feet warm on the beach after surfing .Nice   I m thinking of a different boot then   lol  The late musician Prince was a fantastic bowler and wore knee high furry boots while doing it .That would have been a sight to see  The first person ever to be photographed was actually getting his boots cleaned . I think I ve read about that before and have seen the picture   I think it was in Paris  France . It was  and took place in      .You should google it   It s pretty neat   They are really tiny and didn t know they were in the picture .Will do  Have a good one 
conversation_177 Hi do you like to wear shirts   I do   I wear them every day .I do   I would be comfortable in Hawaii where the aloha shirt is official business attire .Wouldn t that be awesome to go to work like that   At Billy Mays funeral the pallbearers all wore blue shirts and khaki pants . Yeah  the  shirt  covers such a broad variety of garments that cover the upper body   A shirt can also be worn as a necktie .True   I ve used them over my head to keep the sun off me  lol.Is it proper to wear shirts and boots that match .I would guess so  lol  Do you own a pair of Ugg boots .I use to back when I was stationed in California and took up surfing   They were actually invented by surfers to keep their feet warm after getting out of the ocean .Nice   I was going to ask if you lived by the ocean  I ve never had any even though I live by Lake Michigan   The Nokia company originally started making rubber boots in the      s and they still make them to this day .I use to live near Lake Michigan   I have been to both oceans and the Gulf of Mexico  I don t know if my Ugg boots would go well with my Hawaiian shirt   What do you think . That s awesome you ve been able to see all those places   The way I see it if you have the chance to where you can wear both at the same time  then go for it   Life is about have fun right  lol.I suppose   Talking about having fun   Did you know that farmers use to put custom boots on their turkeys   That s just weird  lol.lol That s funny   I wonder if they did it so they wouldn t get clawed   My friend had chickens growing up and they had a rooster that was super mean and would go out of it s way to try to claw you .Need to see if that rooster could take out a dog   Some roosters have pretty long spikes on their feet . Oh yeah   That sucker was mean let me tell you   I think I would have a rabid dog chase me  which by the way dogs are not color blind . We could call the bout a   Cock a Poodle Do    That was bad  lol   I know dogs aren t color blind but they don t see as many colors as humans do .LOL That s funny   Google prefers dogs over cats   The wrote in their code of conduct that they are a dog company   It s been fun chatting with you . Yeah  google is weird that way   I am a cat person   Nice talking with you   Have a nice day .Dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing   You have a nice day too   Thanks for the chat .I read that somewhere once   lol.Cool   Have a good day 
conversation_178  Hello  did you know the dodo bird is actual a sub family of the pigeon . I didn t know that  of course I believe the bird is extinct  isn t it   This year we recently had a bunch of hummingbirds  that was a first for me and so exciting  SO TINY  .I also find it interesting that some birds can fly from alaska to north america without sleeping when they migrate .Birds are very interesting because of a lot of facts   I think it helps with their flight that their bones are hollow so not weighed down . Yes  they are interesting  I did not know that hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests  I find that very interersting .I have watched them pull some to make them nearby   The way they flit about is so beautiful to watch   It is almost elegant like a dance    performing art . Yes  did you know that Jackie Chan manages a k pop band  I did not know that but i think it s cool . It seems that so many you wouldn t think to have other interests do   Jackie in music  Bruce Lee in dancing   A championship even .It seems to be in a kpop band you have to be tough because they go through bootcamps before being signed .Boot camps for bands   Guess it takes a lot of stamina for the dancing and singing   Kind of the same I would assume for figure skating   Can you imagine the work to land a triple axel .That is true  It looks hard  Did you know babies spontaneously dance when they hear music  They are cute . Music is a wonderful thing  so much to come out of it   Symbiotic relationship with dance and music  Tupac was able to do both  never would have thought ballet for him though . Yes  that definitely does not fit his image  I was surprised that ballet dancers go through   pairs of pointe shoes a week  That is a lot . The tip starts to break down and doesn t hold form   Same with skates  have to keep them sharp or can t get the edge for spins and jumps  Would have to assume that Nagasu goes through a lot of skates for this reason .I like that she wanted to do the triple axel so bad that she dreamed she could   That shows heart for wanting to do something . Especially when she had been passed over for the previous Olympics   Rippon omitted his quad jump at the start  not as much heart I guess .And she is part of the record books for being the first U S  lady to land triple axel in olympic competition .She had her wish of making America proud   Guess the same can t be said for the Russians because of the prior doping scandal . Yes  the doping scandal can be hard to come back from  It is amazing the amount of doping in sports today . You would think that rather than compromising  like the Olympic committee did  they would just start to ban them   Isn t teaching them anything to allow certain numbers to still participate and medal .That s true  Did you know Michael Jackson had a patent on his leaning dance move .I didn t know that there was a device involved in it   Wonder with his death if the patent transferred to someone .Maybe it got passed down to his children .He certainly was talented   Wonder if he did his own choreography .I think he did  He worked too hard and I think that is what caused his death  He had his whole family to take care of really .So much control   At least after he left Jackson   he had some freedom unlike the kids in K pop  Agencies controlling everything  Yikes .That is true and to think K pop had it s first group of women in the    s is surprising  I thought k pop was pretty new . I was vaguely familiar with H O T    Korean version of Backstreet Boys  Social networking and YouTube have launched a lot of the Korean Wave .Yes and they have the loudest and most loyal fans .I wonder if because they are now going global with this music if you will start to see fusion music   Would mix well with Latin beats .I like that when North korea sank a south korean warship they blasted the k pop song hit your heart on loud speakers . I wonder if that song was by their own K pop girl band  moranbong   or if they selected it from someone else .Moranbong  band was  the most popular music group in the country  They must have a lot of fans .It is generally classified that way  K Pop   Seems to have a more narrow sense of description and influence than back when they were around though .And they say with social media and tv  shows  k pop are gaining a widespread global audience . To think that   different styles and genres of music can influence modern culture to such an extent as to become an  idol  like culture is mind boggling . Yes  and I did not realize that when they are in bootcamp they are charged for everything  So when they make it famous they have to pay it all back . Just like any other job  pay for the training   Unfortunately in this instance the control extends beyond all the way to love lives  behavior and diets   Not for me thank you .It is like they control every part of their lives  That would  be very hard especially if they are young . Maybe they will evolve  like the birds   Sprout wings that give them flight   Would think they would be more like an Ostrich or penguin in comparison  flightless .I think so  
conversation_179 Do you like to dance .I do sometimes even though I am terrible haha  How about you .I m terrible also  Hilarious . We should have taken lessons from Bruce Lee when we had the chance  or were alive way back then lol . Yeah  I heard he was a great dancer  Apparently Tupac was pretty good too  .Yea he portrayed the mouse king in a production of the nutcracker in high school for ballet . Hilarious  I know he used to be a backup dancer for Digital Underground  . Oh really  What an awesome fact  I know that when I was a baby  I would spontaneously dance  that s what my parents said   It s crazy how natural dancing is .Hilarious  I didn t know that babies did that .I wonder if they do it more listening to K Pop  That s the Korean music craze going on now . Yeah  that is pretty funny  I m not sure  MJ had a patent on dance moves though  .I remember seeing a video on that  It allowed him to achieve an extreme lean on his dance moves . yeah  that is pretty cool  What do you think about birds  .I think birds are crazy lol  It s cool their entire skeleton weights less than their feathers . yeah  that is pretty cool isn t it  What about hummingbirds  do you know anything about them  . I know they steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests  When I get a spider web on me  I freak out lol .That is pretty scary  I wonder what noises birds in australia make . I think they ve learned to make sounds like cameras  car alarms  and chainsaws  That would be weird to hear huh . Yeah  that is pretty weird isn t it  I wonder if it is true  Well  nice chatting with you  .I will have to check that out  Nice chatting with you as well .Take it easy 
conversation_180 Do you know why baseball manager wear the uniforms like the players do .I do   They wear it because they are technically able to play for their tams if the need arises   Baseball is a pretty popular sport in Japan .Yeah i hear they think it should be their pastime  I wonder if a manager has ever jumped into a game .They can if need be   There are some major baseballs fans out there .Yeah unfortunately I do not have the patience for it  Kickball is called soccer baseball in Canada .That s a funny term in my opinion   There was one person who found   million dollars worth of     s baseball cards in his grandfathers attic   He  hit a gold mine . Right  why can t stuff like that happen to me  lol  Up until      a married couple was responsible for scheduling all      major league games  .Dang that sounds like a busy life scheduling all that   One thing I like from baseball is they get to wear hats   Do you like hats . Love hats  all kinds my friend  How about you  . Yep I do also   Fun little fact about in the Old West  the Cowboy hat was not the most popular   The Bowler hat was  whichever that looks like . Yeah police wear distinct hats usually peaked caps or brimmed hats  like the mounties  .Yep their hats are noticeable   Another fun fact I learned is a chefs funny hat they wear are called Toque .Yeah that is a fun fact i did not know that  Some hats were worn for ceremonial purposes such as the mortarboard .Ahh yes   All this knowledge of hats   Lol   British politicians were mandated to wear a top hat if making a point of order in the house of commons until      .Wow that good information  Do you know where tipping your hat originated from .Yep it just so happens to come from knights raising their face visors to show friendliness .I think that s really cool  In      a law was passed limiting the length of the hatpins out of fear that suffragettes would use them as weapons .Wow sounded dangerous   Did you know Dunce caps were worn to encourage foolish behavior .Well that s must be were the term originated  You know panda researcher wear panda suits to work . I did not know that  but sounds fun   Any who  was nice chatting with ya .You also have a great day   In parting I tip my hat to you my friend 
conversation_181 Hello. Hello  how are you  Do you like baseball .I enjoy it  It is such a fun fast paced game to watch  Do you like it .I do enjoy baseball  There is nothing like going to a ball game  Did you know that the managers wear uniforms because they can technically can play if there is a need for it .Really  I wouldn t have guessed that looking at most of the managers  They don t seem quite as in shape as most of the players on the team . Haha  I agree  It must be incase of injury or something  It s a strange rule  Did you hear the story about the man who found a bunch of     s baseball cards in his grandfathers attic  They were worth   million dollars .Oh man can you imagine going through stuff and all of sudden you come across a haul like that   I would probably have a heart attack right then and there . I couldn t even imagine  I would be so shocked  In japan baseball is very popular  and they are surprised to hear it s status as america s national pastime .I wonder why they were surprised  Baseball has always been such a popular game here in the states  Maybe because we are so synonomous with football .What is your favorite team .I guess if I had to pick I would go with the twins  They are a pretty decent team  I wonder if there was any twins cards in that guys   million dollar find . Maybe  that must of been so cool to find them .I would be so excited to find something like that just sitting in my family s attic  Since they were from the    s there had to be some amazing cards in there .Do you collect anything  I like to collect hats .Not really unless kids costumes count  I always thought hats were super neat  They have such a long and rich history . Yes they do  tipping your hat origin is from when a knight raises their visors .That is a neat fact  I love that people always associate the cowboy hat with the old west but really it was the bowler that was the favorite of the time .That is true  The party hat originates from dunce caps    they were worn at parties to encourage a more foolish behavior .That is funny  I always thought of them as a punishment hat  Well it has been nice chatting with you have a good evening .You as well  Take care .Bye
conversation_182  Hi  how are you doing today .Good  Do you watch baseball  Back in August the nationals traded Daniel Murphy and Matt Adams before a game.Sometimes I follow baseball  Usually around playoffs  Did the Nationals make a mistake . I don t think so  they weren t doing too good in the standings plus they re stadium was half empty. I guess it was time to make a change  maybe rebuild . Yea they weren t doing too good  they were in third place in their division behind the Phillies. I think it s tough to the lineup just right  Too many variables  and the team needs to gel as well . Yea and the fans weren t too happy with trading Daniel Murphy  guess he was a fan favorite.Did he sell enough tickets though  Probably most fans would want a winning team . Probably  they can always let their baseball manager play as they are technically allowed to play. That s a funny rule  isn t it  It must be a holdover from early days when a player also served as manager . Yea  I remember back in the     s when Pete Rose was a manager he would sometimes play in the games too.Pete really was a competitive guy  He also bet against his team sometimes though .Yea that s not good  I have old Pete Rose baseball cards but they re not worth   million like the cards a man found in his grandfather s attic. That guy must not have been able to believe his luck  I wonder what he did with the cards  I would have sold half and kept half  Money now  plus a long term investment .I d take a trip to Japan where baseball is also very popular. The baseball there is just not as good as in the US  Still  it s a difference experience at the stadium  It s an interesting lesson in cultural difference . I d like to visit England too  it s funny how until      their politicians had to wear a top hat in the house of commons.I guess rules get held over for the sake of tradition  The old guard wants politicians in top hats and managers in player uniforms .And Johnny Depp wears his Jack Sparrow costume to make visits to hospitals.He really does his best for the kids  I like that he s willing to make some kid s day better . He is a good person  Well I got to go  nice talking with you
conversation_183 do you like baseball .Yes I do  Do you know why the managers wear uniforms .Yes because they can play of the team needs them to.Yeah  Do you know what kickball is called in Canada .Yes it is called soccer baseball.Yeah I guess it makes sense because it has elements from both games.Yeah true  Do you know who used to do the MLB schedule for    years .Yes it was a couple who scheduled all games each year.That is impressive  Do you wear hats at all .sometimes  In the UK they hat to wear top hats to make a point in the House of COmmons.Cool  DO you know which was the most popular hat in the old west .contrary to common belief it was not the cowboy hat but the bowler hat.I know right  Do you know where the tipping of the hat originated from.Yes that was from back then when the knights lifted their visors to show friendliness.Yeah  DO you know the origins of the conical party hat .Yes that was from the dunce hat that encouraged foolish behavior.Haha crazy  DO you know that panda researchers wear panda costumes .Yes so pandas do not feel threatened I think  Did you know Sean Bean is scared of flying .Yeah so much that he once hiked in a full costume to the filming site.WOw dedication and fear  Johnny Depp visits kids in hospitals wearing the Jack Sparrow costume.That must be so uplifting for the kids
conversation_184  Hello  how do you do . hello  I m alright   Have you seen the new Christopher Robin movie   I heard it was really for the whole family   I remember seeing the trailer where Pooh goes   They say nothing is impossible  but I do nothing every day   I thought that line was funny . I thought it was a clever adaptation of a classic that help the now older audience reconnect and relate in order to reconnect to their youth  perhaps having imaginary pals of their own. Hmm   sometimes I think all my pals are imaginary   Sadly  I m told the REAL Christopher Robin  who the books were based on  hated them and never took any money from them   I find that sad  since his father wrote the books for him  .That is a shame  I wonder why the real chris hated them  Perhaps he wanted a father to be there for him rather than children books. I think maybe he felt embarrassed because the books were based so heavily on his life   Did you know he died on Easter in        That was one year after I graduated from high school   Man  I feel old   LOL.Well I hope he at least found some solace in that it inspired and that it is a indispensable part of many children worldwide. Yeah  hopefully   Anyway  like I said  I haven t seen it  I think I ll check and see if my library has it though   I would get it from Netflix  but I don t have a subscription at the moment   Are you on Netflix   It s pretty awesome  They ve got like     million subscribers worldwide . While I understand their business model and why people use it  I never got it  It is impressive nonetheless that they account for     of all bandwith in north america during peak hours. Yeah  I ve heard they re especially busy in the late hours   Get this  they have an hour long movie that s nothing but a roaring fireplace   I think people play it a lot during the holidays or winter months to give their living rooms  or whatever  a decorative look .I think that that is surprisingly practical for the ambiance  I bet blockbuster s ghost regrets not buying netflix. Ha  yeah   I m told they laughed the Netflix people out of the office when they made an offer to them   They regret that decision for sure   .I mean if I could pay   million today for   billion in a few years wow what an investment. Get this  Netflix has people on it s staff who s job is to watch the shows and tag the content  guessing with genre tags and stuff    Get PAID to watch Netflix   Where do I sign up for that   LOL.That does sound nice  I wonder if they will start outsourcing to us turkers . Ha  we could only hope   Course  if I had Netflix it wouldn t be just for the movies and tv shows  I think I d try some of their original programming as well   For instance  I heard the show  Stranger Things  was really good  Have you seen that one   . I have not  but I have heard good things about their original content lately . Course  there s so many subscription services it s getting ridiculous   Hulu  Amazon  Netflix  heck even Disney is coming out  or has it already   with one for all their movies and properties   .Well I mean they have to at least match up to their competitors so it is understandable  All that is left for consumers is to see who provides the best service. Yeah  but it must suck if several of them offer exclusively shows movies that you REALLY to see   When it was all just Netflix  you pretty much could get whatever you wanted    Did you know Disney makes        per SECOND   Wow    that blows my mind . That is amazing  Disney sure has come a long way and while you don t really think of disney as a media company and more of a amusement park and animation studio  it is the largest media conglomerate in terms of revenue. I think it s crazy when you think about just how much STUFF they own now   I mean  Marvel  Star Wars  Pixar  the theme parks   It s like they re trying to completely take over the world    laughs nervously . I agree it is the time of big corporations  I wonder if the tv show where the earth is ruled by corporations instead of countries will come to pass  In any case  thank you for the wonderful chat 
conversation_185 hi friend.Hello  Hope you re having a good day .thank you friend do you like this topic.Do you mean the film Christopher Robin  I enjoyed it very much  Have you seen it .iam really enjoyed for chat for you and you happy  chating for me. Thank you  I find it fascinating that the original Winnie the Pooh books were based on a real boy  the author s son  Did you know that .yes i know this books is so great.I agree  And I loved how the Christopher Robin movie brought the characters to live through a mix of live action and computer animation .yes in this book is so interesting character also and nice book.Do you have a favorite Winnie the Pooh character .is good k tell for you boring character for this book. That s fine  We can t all like the same things  right  My favorite is Eeyore .yes l like you answer. Thank you  Hey  did you know the Christopher Robin movie was made by The Walt Disney Company .OK you most favorite for other anyone books. Sure  I know Disney publishes a lot of books every year  too  It s a huge corporation .i like some Disney books.What are some of your favorites .iam always  like  action story is my favorite. I enjoy action stories  too  Do you like action movies as well  I ve seen some great ones on Netflix .yes i watch for more than action movies for Netflix.I really love Netflix s streaming service  It s so convenient  What s the last movie you watched on Netflix .yes you are really correct friend Netflix is good for always. Absolutely  Hey  friend  I ve got to run  but it was great talking to you .thank you friend i really happy for talking for you.Hope you have a great day  Bye 
conversation_186 Do you enjoy movies . Yes  I do   Do you .Do you usually watch them on netflix or at the theater . I used to watch movies at the theater a lot  but nowadays it s usually on Netflix .What you watched any walt disney films of late .I recently watched Christopher Robin with Ewan McGregor   Have you seen it .I heard about it  Christopher Robin is the adult version of winnie the pooh right . Yeah  that s the one   Ewan McGregor is Christopher Robin as an adult   But he ends up going back to the land that Winnie the Pooh and Tiger and all of them live in . I think it s plot sounds wonderful for not only children  but also adults to reconnect with their childhoods in a similar manner. Yeah   It was pretty nostalgic for me since I used to love Winnie the Pooh as a kid   It was fun   I recommend it  if you re interested .Sweet  It is too bad the real christopher robin disliked winnie the pooh.Is that true   I hadn t heard about that .Ya I guess he felt it was too close to his real life and perhaps he would rather have a father than a child s story. Wow   That s really interesting   I can understand that   Unfortunately  the movie didn t really address any of that   That would have been cool to know as just a side bit of info while watching . Well regardless of how the real Christoper felt  it is hard to deny the place of winnie the pooh in the hearts of millions of children and adults today.True   Disney really hit it big getting to make that movie .Well disney has always done a good job in making great movies that are appealing to both children and adults.Yeah for sure   Mickey and Minerva Mouse have sure laid the groundwork for many decades of great entertainment .True  I mean there is even a whole subculture dedicated to finding the hidden mickey mouse references in all things disney.Do you think there actually is Mickey in every disney film   Do you think that applies to Pixar too . Yes I do  People love their easter eggs  In any case  thanks for taking the time to chat 
conversation_187  Hi  how are you  this morning . I m doing well  how are you  Do you have kids  if so do you watch Cupcake and Dino  . Doing good  thanks   No kids here  but what is Cupcake and Dino . Apparently it is a kids show  but I ve never seen it  Maybe it is a movie  .Have you seen the Christopher Robin film   I was wondering how it was . No  I didn t  It sounds like it could have been good Ewan McGregor is a pretty good actor  . Yes  he is   I didn t go see it  because I thought people would look at me strange seeing a  kids  movie   But I always liked Winnie the Pooh  as a child .It was a good show  Did you know Christopher Robin was a real boy . I heard that he was the author s son in real life   That s so cool  talk about having a book written about you .I don t know if I could handle that to be honest . Me either  Lol The New York public library is the home of the real Winnie the pooh toy teddy bear   I saw it once on a school trip  it looked old and raggedy .I didn t know that  So they still have it . Yes  they do  It s hard to believe that toy bear hasn t fallen apart  yet  It s like WW I era  that s old  .That s pretty cool  I wonder if they offer the movie on Netflix . They probably do  I m going to look for it and watch it  if they do .Apparently netflix and youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in north america .That I can totally see   And the other half is on Facebook   lol. I believe it  although you have to wonder how much of that is actually instagram  .How true   I heard that Blockbuster had several chances to buy Netflix and didn t   Big mistake on their part . I believe it  although you don t know if they would have ran it as successfully  . That s true   Well  it s been nice talking with you  I ll see you around 
conversation_188  Hi there  do you enjoy poetry .No I really don t I don t understand it and find it boring . Oh I see  Some of them can be cool though  like that poem that when read normally is depressing and vice versa. there is a     line poem called the chaos  i am assuming becaus it has irregularly pronounced words. I would assume so too  THe Javanese alphabet too  if recited in order it forms a poem.the vikings were warrior poets  lol what the heck  did they just shout poetry at the enemy  .Hahaha maybe that is how they fought  Allan Poe received only    for his poem The Raven  Not is is priceless.isn t that always the way  things don t become priceless until the person is dead  baltimore must be the place for poetry  first edgar allen poe and also tupac. Yeah it seems that way  On another topic  do you like dogs .Lol these really arent my favorite subjects  I am not a dog fan . Oh I see  But just for curiosity  they have    blood types  way more than we do.they can also reason better than chimps. Seem lie it since they understand pointing  same as elephants.they enjoy solving a problem.Yeah that too  Even Google has declared itself as a dog company.im guessing with that they allow employees to bring dogs to work  I can t ever figure out what makes them a dog compnay.Well maybe and they have it in their code of conduct that they are a dog company.russia must really be into dogs they have a tomb of the unknown dog AND some of their dogs have learned to use the subway.Wow that is impressive  For a long time I thought that dogs were colorblind but apprently they just do not see as many colors as we do.and they can learn over      words  I guess thats why they make them service dogs. Yeah  it makes sense  Nice chat
conversation_189 Which city is home to Netflix .I ve heard it s from Los Gatos in California  Do you use Netflix .Yes     I heard they have a lot of users worldwide     Do you know how many . I don t  but I use it to watch a few shows  What kind of stuff do you watch on it .I love the movie Apollo    on netflix     Can you believe that film inspired the whole service .No kidding  I had no idea  It s amazing what good cinematography can inspire in others . Nothing to do with the film  but founder Reed Hastings forgot to return a VHS tape and got     in late fees and wanted to do something about it . Hah  I guess cinematography isn t everything  I think we all know how he must have felt getting a late fee  If only everyone were as determined to do something about frustrations .True     I do like cinematography though      It is amazing what can come from a lens and light . Cinematography is so fascinating  It s like an intersection of physics and visual art  because of all the dependence on understanding how light and lenses work . True  but it is also about technology   how the sensor produces an electrical charge for each pixel .I can t pretend to understand all the technology behind it  It s like magic in a way . OK     I guess ultimately it is about the people behind it  like James Wong Howe who won an Oscar .Do you know what movie he won for . I do not know  but he frequently used a crab dolly and deep focus cinematography to create his style .I wonder why some people have such a gift for cinematography  They seem to be able to picture things in their minds that make such a visual impact even though others wouldn t imagine it beforehand . Very True      Stanley Kubrick had a vision and took the camera from his cinematographer  but allowed him to keep the credit . I would be awfully annoyed if I were that cinematographer  haha  First I can t do my job  then I get credit for something I didn t even do . I suppose  but the oscar and residuals from Spartacus probably help . That s true  I wouldn t mind getting paid for not having to do my job either  and as a cinematographer  he probably had a lot of appreciation for seeing Oscar worthy work done in front of him by Kubrick .Perhaps the Internet Movie Database IMDb should create a new category for things like this .That would be a great new addition  I use IMDB to look up moves and actors actresses all the time 
conversation_190  Have you seen Kevin Spacey in the  Billionaire Boys Club  movie . I haven t seen it  actually  Is it any good . I haven t  I heard that it s opening was a career low opening day total for Spacey  though  It s because of all the bad accusations against him  I think . I saw him in the movie Baby Driver  but the accusations are definitely a deterrent for some people with how widespread  MeToo has become. Yes  I actually haven t seen him in a movie since American Beauty  I watch movies on Netflix sometimes  Do you . I have to be in the mood since I like to read and listen to a lot of books  I tend to create a watchlist on Netflix faster than I can watch things  but I like how convenient it is  I can t imagine having to rent movies from Blockbuster.Netflix is really popular now  I hear it accounts for a third of all the bandwidth in North America during late night . I think the shows and movies help people unwind now  and there s no commercial breaks  Combined with YouTube  the two account for half the bandwidth in North America.I hear Netflix actually spends more on postage than on bandwidth  The owner started the company after being annoyed by a late fee of his VHS movie rental . I would be annoyed about a rental fee that s higher than it costs for the VHS  It s still strange to think that people still use the rental service  but I guess internet connection isn t always the best in some places.Yes I think maybe it s from parents getting stuff for their kids to watch while they can watch streaming Netflix at the same time . Netflix is capable of streaming on more than one device at the same time depending on the subscription  Either way  it s still better than if Blockbuster had bought Netflix. Of course  I think some wifi can t handle that  though  Yes  I heard they actually turned down buying Netflix  It was for much lower of a price than it s worth now  too .I think their value went up once they started creating their own content  It s part of the appeal now to keep users loyal. Yes  Netflix creating their own content seems like it s part of a cinematography revolution or something . Maybe if they team up with cinematographer Roger Deakins  his   th nomination for the Oscars will be the one that finally wins  Losing    times would be hard. Yes  that would be hard  On the bright side  I bet not many cinematographers have been putting out such mention worthy work for so many years . Not since James Wong Howe back in the     s  He was Chinese before finally becoming a citizen  but he used techniques such as low lighting and wide angle lenses before it was popular.Sounds like a very talented and revolutionary cinematographer  One of my favorites is Stanely Kubrick  He did Spartacus . I ve heard of him  though he didn t get the credit for his work  Sounds like a stand up guy though. Well I guess he s usually considered a producer  but he did a lot of the work on Spartacus  He is a cool guy   you should look up an interview of his 
conversation_191 Have you ever been on a blind date .No but I heard blind dates can be quite successful and lead to marriage.I did too and people rate them on a     scale  Do you think people care about their date s shoes . I think women tend to care more about the shoes then men  men tend to only care more about function than style.Did you know that professional ballet dancers go through   pairs of pointe shoes in a week  I hope they re not too expensive .That s insane  I just learned they have Wizard of Oz inspired shoes that can guide you home when you click you heels.That s pretty cool  I like that Steve Smith leaves his cleats every game to make people aware of the homeless without shoes . Yea  that is very thoughtful  Did you know in the  th century Persian Cavalry soldiers wore high heeled shoes .I can t imagine soldiers in high heels  Another thing I can t imagine because it s portrayed differently is that pilgrims wore tons of colorful clothes and black only for special occasions .I never knew that but there are still African tribes that wear old Victorian clothing so anythings possible.Me either   Did you know Apple had a clothing line       I thought they only did technology   . Well there are some odd clothing compaines  Miguel Cabarello makes bulletproof clothings.I wonder if that is extra heavy  I would love to visit the store in Alabama that sells clothes etc from unclaimed baggage at the airport  I bet there s some interesting things . Speaking of airport clothing  a man in China once wore    clothing items just to avoid bagging fees. Well the fees are getting high on some airlines  I wonder how much it happens that a label says made somewhere  but is really made elsewhere like with Rip Curl .Probably a lot  Did you know at Billy Mays funeral the pallbearers wore blue shirts and khakis .I would love to see a gang in America layer shirts with popped collars like they did in China . Lol  sounds better than Mark Zuckerburgs plain shirts that cost          .That s crazy  It would be nice to have business attire be an aloha shirt like in Hawaii  I would be much more comfortable .Yea that sounds much more comfortable than a blue shirt and khakis.I agree  Have a great night 
conversation_192  Hello   do you like shoes . I do  only have a few pairs but I do like them  what about you . Yes   I love shoes   Did you know ballet dancers go through   pairs of shoes a week . I didnt  the must spend a fortune in shoes  there are    wayts to tie shoes  . wow   I only know   lol . I know the one lol  do you remember Bill Nye the science guy .Yeah definitely . Ok so apparently he holds a patent for ballet pointe shoes  seems like he is a fan of ballet or just a science guy that stumbled into a great invention. wow really   that seems weird lol did you know putting dry tea bads in smelly shoes or gm bads will absorb the unpleasant odor  This actually works really well  we put it in our snowboard boots lol . Yeah that sounds really weird  do you keep up with fashion  .not really lol I just buy whatever looks good on me . I see  well Tshirts were invented back in      directed to bachelors actually.Oh really that is interesting  The official business attire in hawaii is that aloha shirt . That is interesting as well  do you know Mark Zuckerberg  he always wears grey shirts  they seem simple but they actually cost around         dollars each.lol no I didnt I havent noticed . They seem like a regular     t shirt but yeah they are worth a lot of money  . Thats interesting   maybe he like a certain brand or whatever   Did you know Polo shirts were invented for tennis players . Really  by tennis players  the name doesnt serve them justice  Polo takes all the credit lol.lol so weird right. I know right  did you know a chinese man wore    items of clothing to avoid the bagging charge  that must have been funny to watch.Wow I wonder how much the baggage charge wouldve been lol that doesnt seem worth it . Maybe he had no money left lol  sounds like a lot of trouble only to avoid paying a fee  there is bulletproof clothing called mogul.Its been good chatting 
conversation_193 How are you today .Well thank you  Do you have any hobbies .Funny you mention it i use to write a little poetry  how about you . I used to do a little poetry in high school  learning about allusions  symbolism  and all the other poetry jargon  .Wow that s taking me back  Poetry dates back to prehistoric times . Poetry was first written by the Greeks I believe  Perhaps earlier  but I don t think we have any other ancient written works dating prior.The earliest western poetry was written in Sumerian . Was it as complex then as today  Using rhyme  rhetoric  and other literary devices .One was called the Epic of Sundiata an example of griot court poetry  This was in Africa . Writing poetry is definitely an art  For instance  there is poem that when read normally is depressing  yet backwards it is inspiring  Perhaps embodying the silver lining to a negative situation .Wow i would like to read that one  There is an alphabet that when recited in order forms a poem  I for get which one . To this day poetry influenced our perceptions  For instance  all the hobbit s character names are derived from the poem dvergatal.Now that i did not know  Do you like dogs . Who doesn t  I think that humans can bond with most animals  even crocs  but the level of intimacy is different from that of dogs since dogs and humans have evolved side by side to be better attuned to one another.I agree for instance did you know that dogs have    different blood types and they donate blood .I did  I was surprised I never thought about animals donating bird before I learned that fact.Apparently google prefers dogs to cats .Then I wonder if employees can bring their dogs to work every day .Apparently they ve even written it into their code of conduct .Well I guess Google simply acknowledges that dogs are man s best friend.I always believed that dogs were color blind but that s not entirely true .I think they can only see less colors like blue and yellow.Yeah they can t see as many colors as we can  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_194  Hi  how are you . Im great  do you know who Mariah Carey is .I do  Do you like her music . Yeah she has some decent songs  Glitter is one of my favorites and  Pet Semaraty is also good. Did you ever see her  Cribs  episode on MTV  She is super extra . No I didnt catch that episode  so do you like Pop music .I do like pop music  Did you know Ariana Grande got hit by a puck twice in one game . I didn t know that  that is odd lol  twice in a game  she must have a puck magnet in her forehead . Yeah  it just was on twitter or Apple news this past weekend  There s a picture of her sitting on a zamboni too . I guess there s a lot of controversy because of that  do you like snakes .No  I hate snakes  I mean irrational hate  Do you . I have a healthy respect for them and would scream like a little girl if I ever saw one next to me lol  they are interesting animals though. My   year old asked if he could get one and I tried to act cool  like I wasn t completely afraid of the notion  I was cool as a cucumber   .And did you bought you r  year old a snake lol .Nope  He got a cat  And I hate that thing  It s the worst cat ever  He just scratches and pees everywhere  JERK . I agree im more of a dog person myself  maybe a snake was a better choice I would be afraid but I wouldnt worry about scratches and pee.Yeah  She is going to a farm in the spring  That s not code  OUr friend has a farm and some barn cats so she will be relocated there . I see  well interesting fact about snakes  sometimes they are born with two heads and both head end up fighting for food .That s really weird  Bite the head to spite the stomach .Yeah and also     of the snakes lay eggs others give live birth another surprising fact .Gross  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_195 Do you listen to Mariah Carey . I do  I have been a fan of the All I want for Christmas is You   .That was a good album  I m not sure if she has released anything recently though . I dont know either  she does have an incredible vocal range though   No other singer really has matched her there .Do you think she will go on tour soon . I m not sure  but I know Glitter has gone to the top of the charts recently.Is that her new album  I wonder if it is doing better than Linkin Parks Hybrid theory . It is one of hers  but not better than Linkin Park s that was the best selling album of all time . Apparently  NWA s album was the first to reach platinum status without the support of airplay  . That is pretty incredible  now musicians have it much easier as distribution of music is easier  you dont have to go to the store to buy things anymore . Yeah  with Youtube and things like that  Do you own any snakes  . Nope   Im like New Zeland  no snakes   But I do have some friends who own them . Interesting  I didn t know there were no snakes in new Zealand  . Im now sure why  maybe all the other animals ate them or something   Have you heard of those flying snakes that can launch themselves at their prey   That would be totally creepy. No  do they have wings  . I dont know  all that I imagine is kind of like this cartoon character I saw once  Trogdor  That is what I think of   . Well  did you know there are legless lizards that aren t snakes  .Really   Thats kind of crazy   I wonder if they have the paired organs like snakes do . I m not sure  but at least they don t fly like some snakes .If I ever ran into one of those flying snakes I dont know what I would do   The fear of snakes is hard wired into both human and monkey brains . Yeah  they can be scary looking creatures  that is for sure  
conversation_196 Hey there   Are you a Beatles fan . Good evening  why yes  I am   Are you .Who was your favorite Beatle   Think I like Ringo just  cause he s kinda goofy .George Harrison was my favorite .Cool   Most people tend to say John or Paul   Probably because they were the primary songwriters   You have a favorite song . She loves you  Yeah  yeah  yeah   Only because we played it while I was in Junior High band and we thought we were cool . One of the songs I like is  Come Together   Did you know it was actually written for Timothy Leary s      California governor campaign   .I didn t know that   Interesting . Another one I like is A Hard Days Night   Think I relate to the line that goes  And I ve been working like a dog      Because I m overworked and    because I m a dog person  You like dogs . Yes  I am a dog person   Good segue  by the way   I have     Do you have any . Don t have any but my kids keep bugging me for one   They keep reminding me  they re man s best friend   Thinking that will make me think it ll be easier to take care of   What kind of dogs do you have .I have a    year old yellow lab and a    year old yorkie  poodle mix and they are the best and are truly man s best friend .How good are they at taking directions   Heard that dogs and elephants are the only animals that understand pointing .Both of them are very smart and understand pointing and are better behaved than many children I see in stores .Ha   My husband use to volunteer for an organization that trained service dogs for aiding the disabled   Think they were labradoodles   He said they were very smart . I used to think that my dogs saw in black and white but i have since learned that they aren t color blind and in fact can see colors  just not as many as a human .That s pretty interesting   Wonder what colors they can see   My daughter so desperately wants a dog she spent an afternoon writing a poem about why she deserves a dog   A for effort  Lots of rhyming like Dr  Seuss . Oh  get that baby a doggie   Every kid needs a dog  it ll help teach her responsibility and accountability  Speaking of poetry  do you like it . Yeah  those were some of her arguments   Kinda dreaded learning the classics   I remember having to memorize The Raven . Funny  I remember that one  as well as Anabelle Lee   You know Edgar Allan Poe only got       for The Raven .Dang   No wonder he wrote a lot of depressing stuff  Great chatting with you   Give your dogs a hug for me and I ll consider getting my kids a dog   Take care . You too  friend   Enjoy the rest of your night 
conversation_197  Hey  do you care a lot about fashion  .Yes I know a lot about clothing actually  In fact I m wearing some right now LOL what about you.I know a decent amount although I do not care the most about fashion  Did you know that Apple had a clothing line back in      . No I didn t know that  I wonder what those clothes look like  They re probably very colorful like the pilgrims original clothes  not the black clothes that they wore for special occasions. I wonder what apples clothing line looked like too  And speaking of Pilgrims  I thought that it was the exact opposite as what you said  I guess it is just me .A lot of things are the opposite of what you would think  Like how ripcurl says on their clothes that they are made in China when in fact they are made in North Korea.I am not suprised that they tried to keep that a secret  I do not think anyone would buy something that was made in North Korea . Nope I definitely would not  I also wouldn t buy clothes from unclaimed baggage  there s a store in Alabama that actually sells that stuff.Really  I would not trust that store  Professional Ballet dancers can go through   pairs of pointe shoes in a week .That is impressive  How often do you wear shoes by the way  I want to try on the shoes that are      years old and actually perform better than current shoes. I am sure that those shoes are also much  much more expensive to manufacture although trying them on would be a pretty neat experience. They probably smell bad because they re so old  we should put dry tea bags inside of them because that will absorb the odor LOL.I do not think that is the best idea      It would probably damage the shoes  Maybe spraying it with bottle of febreeze would be better   . Speaking of clothes  what do you think about shirts  Did you know that you can wear a necktie under the collar with a dress shirt  I do that for work.I occasionally do that  The pallbearers wore blue shirts and khaki pants to billy mays funeral  Disrespectful much . Haha that is either very disrespectful or very respectful LOL  I wish I lived in Hawaii though  you can wear an Aloha shirt instead of a suit and tie there. That is probably because it is much warmer there  Nevertheless  I also wish that I could show up to work in a random t shirt . Yep I agree with you  I think it s cool that the polo shirt was not invented by a polo player  but was actually invented by a tennis player  very interesting. I wonder why it was called the polo shirt then  shouldn t it be called the  tennis shirt   Although that does sound quite weird.Yes I think Polo sounds better haha  Also interesting that the man who invented that shirt was nicknamed the crocodile and that s why polo shirts have that crocodile logo on them.Ah  China s cultural revolution gang revolved around layering as many shirts as humanly possible.I wonder what that looked like  are you aware of the difference between a button up and a button down shirt 
conversation_198 DO you like poetry .I love it  Have you read the poem Chaos . I have not  what is it about .It is a poem with     irregularly pronounced words and it has     lines.WOw that is awesome  Have you heard of that poem that is different when read normally and the backwards . I cannot say that I have  how different .Normally read is depressive and backwards is inspiring.WOw cool  Do you know who CS LEwis and TOlkien are .Yes they are both great authors from their time.Yes and they had you laugh you lose games over bad poetry.WOw that must have been hard for them to keep from laughing.True  Did you know art and poetry were olympic sports . Nice  that is cool  Do you like dogs .I love dogs  They can learn up to      words.Nice and they also understand pointing like elephants do too.Yes and they also are better at reasoning than the chimps. Nice  They also have    different blood types and have blood drives.Nice  They drink with their underside of the tongue.Wow neat  Google have it in their code of conduct that they are a dog company.SO cool  Nice chatting with you.Same here
conversation_199  Hi partner  what type of shoes do you like . I like all kinds of shoes  I prefer shoes that are more fashionable  But  I haven t been able to afford them in recent years  .What type of shoes do you think best for protecting one s feet .I think any shoes with good soles are the best for protecting your feet  You need good support .I have little arch in my feet and I am seeking comfortable shoes  Do you have any suggesting . I think the higher end shoes have better support in the soles  But  if you can t afford better shoes  you can always add sole supports in the shoes  . Yes  I agree  I am referring to steel toe work shoes  Would you spend        to have a piece placed under your shoes . No  I don t think so  I think many steel toed shoes already have the pieces in place  . Another question  did you know that a tea bag can absorb unpleasant odor in shoes . No  I didn t  But they can remove smells from gym bags  too  That s a good way to get those smells out  I used to wipe mine out with a Lysol wipe  .Would you wear clothes made from animal skin . I wear leather shoes  and they are made of animal skin   so I guess the answer is yes  Would you . Yes  if it s made from leather  but I had to wear clothes with gator skin  I guess it s a mind game with me .It seems people think it is acceptable to wear some clothes from certain types of animal skin but not others  It always reminds me of the movie     Dalmatians  Did you see that movie . I saw about    minutes  but I didn t get the understanding of the movie .I really liked the movie  The main point of the movie was that Cruella DeVille was trying to make a coat out of puppies . Ok  I don t mind killing animals for food  but I dislike killing for clothes  when there are many other material used to make clothes .What is your favorite kind of fabric .Cotton is my favorite fabric  I think about     of our clothes are made from cotton . I like cotton a lot  too  I m not a big polyester fan  I feel that the fabric feels fake  Also  it scares me that my clothes could be flammable  .You are right  I agree with you .Can you believe that there is a store in Alabama that only sells clothes found in unclaimed airport baggage  That s weird . Yes  that is weird  to sell clothes worn by don t know who or whom these clothes belongs to  . Exactly  You never know what happened in those clothes  That s what I always say about clothes at  vintage stores   too  You don t know what happened in children s clothes   especially the pants  . These are all the questions I have for you  thanks.Thank you  Nice talking with you .Thanks
conversation_200 hi. Hi  how are you   Are you a music fan .i am good   .Me too   Do you ever listen to things on LP .Yes       when i was in clg. I still have one at home and some of my grandfathers old records  but for most of my music I ve moved in to the   th Centruy and gone with CDs and mostly MP  .thats amazing      .Do you have a favorite album . castle of glass  my favorite . Im a big fan of Dream Theater s recent work The Astonishing   It doesnt quite hold up to NWA s work or Dark side of the moon in terms of popularity  but I like it .thats great      i listen to their songs abut to be quiet frank i dont know them as you do        . They are a little more obscure  kind of like Ricky Gervais  who was actually a pop singer in the    s   I had no clue about that .best music was from the    s     all kinds       wish we were born then . Very true  a study from      even proves music has become more similar in terms of musical construction since the    s .thats good news        but nothing to beat a classic.Like We are the Champions being voted the catchiest pop song ever   I cant think of a person who hasnt heard that one .Queen i a legend like he used to mention       lots of his songs are my energy boosters. Freddie is probably one of the most iconic singers of all time   All of their music is just fantastic   The new stuff  even the k pop band  Moranbong Band  which is top in Korea doesnt hold a candle to what was done in the       s. absolutely        songs  like another one bites the dust  Crazy little thing called love  i want to break free  we will rock you and of course bohemian rhapsody      legendry. I find it hard to believe Linkin Parks  hybrid theory  is the best selling album of the   st century . its really good   paper cut  with you   runaway       good songs. I like their music   I think it is really neat that NWA Straight outta compton was the first album to ever go platinum  and that is with out airplay or a major tour to support it .I agree       they are good . Well  I must get going   It has been nice chatting with you today .same here     
conversation_201  hello  do you use netflix . Hello  yes I do  Sometimes I use the hour long fireplace video at home  Do you like Netflix too . I love netflix  so many shows and movies in there  Do you remember blockbuster .I do  I wonder if Netflix and Blockbuster ever could have done a partnership or something like that .Well Blockbuster had the chance to buy it and passed on it  bad decision. Definitely a terrible decision  now Netflix has all these great selections  Last I checked they have almost     movies with perfect ratings on Rotten Tomatoes . Yesh for sure  and they offerd it to blockbuster for only     million. That would have been a steal for sure  I wonder how much Netflix pays their taggers  who have to watch and label the content .Hmm good question  Do you know how netflix came about . I believe they started off with DVD sales and rentals  and eventually transitioned into streaming media  I wonder how they improve technology from here .Yeah and then the owner of netflix was fine     for a late fee and got sick of it.It s interesting how people get inspiration for things  IMDb is actually older than the first web browsers on the internet .That is truly very cool  Did you know netflix accounts for     of all bandwidth in north america .I never knew that  I wonder if it s similar for other TV movie platforms  Are you interested in cinematography in general .Yeah I am  Do you know who pioneered the wide angle cameras . I am not sure actually  I know Nicolas Rehn was a pioneer in high contrast cinematography to see what s happening on screen .The guy who pioneered it was the chinese american James WOng. Ahh ok  it certainly must have been a significant achievement  Are you interested in film ratings  I use review sites a lot .Yes I like to refer to IMDb  How about you . I do too  although sometimes they can be inaccurate  Shawshank redemption wasn t very commercially successful yet it s one of their highest rated films ever . Yeah  you never know   right  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_202 hey there what do you think of planet earth .It s a nice place  I ve lived there my whole life  I m pretty attached  What about you . haha ya me too  sad to think that     of the natural forests have been destroyed though.Only     more to go  We are a destructive species  Can seem to protect things that we need to survive  And we ve been here just a short time . thats true  if history were a    hour day  humans have only taken up about   minute of time.The day has been getting longer  It was only     hours  Soon it ll be so long that we ll have a    hour workday  I bet people will want more vacation . that is wacky  will the day continue to get longer  like a    hour day at somepoint . Maybe in billions of years  Humanity will be long gone  having cut down all the forests and filled the oceans with plastic . ya that is sad to think about  also sad we ll have run out of helium by the year     .We ll get our helium from fusion reactors  Every kid can have party balloons . haha well I hope so  It s pretty silly there is an ambassador to extraterrestrials at the UN  I want his job.I think you have to know somebody  It sounds like it involves few duties  Mostly waiting . haha ya  lots of waiting and doing nothihng  have you ever ridden a horse. Nope  never ridden a horse  Haven t eaten one either . haha nope I have ridden one  I guess they evolved over like    million years.They went from multi toed to single toed  I guess they were more useful to humans that way . ya I think so  they became really widespread about     BC  so kind of a long time.Interspecies utility is interesting  Dalmatians are associated with firefighting because they would calm  the horses .that s nice of them  did you knw clint eastwood was allergic to horses . Yeah  he acquired an allergy later in life  Very odd .would you ride a horse to school 
conversation_203 Earth is amazing don t you think  So much history in its     billion years of creation . I think it is amazing  Not only the composition and history of earth  but also its position relative to other planets in the solar system . I agree  so many wonders to think we only represent   minute and    seconds on a    hour calendar of Earth s history .What do you mean . I mean that if     billion years of histoy equals    hours then humans have only exist for   minute and    seconds of that    hour period . Oh wow  That is really neat  time really does fly  I really appreciate these tech billionaire s efforts into space exploration  like Elon Musk and his bold initiative to start colonization in Mars .I heard he wants to build a supersonic vertical take off jet . Whatever that is  it just sounds super cool  I wonder how he finds time the to do all these things  he s the CEO of Tesla  SpaceX  Neuralink  and The Boring Company  chairman of SolarCity  It makes me seem very unproductive. I know it seems like he wouldnt have much time  he is also an actor and producer  seems like he has more than    hours in his day . He is an actor and producer  I didn t know that  do you know which movies TV shows he is involved with . He s in a production called  Thank you for smoking   I haven t seen it either though . That seems a little ironic for his recent ordeal with smoking marijuana during an interview with the host and was fined  I think  His wife or ex wife also appeared in Christopher Nolan s film  Inception .Thats Elon Musk s wife  I didnt know that   she is a good actress . I m not sure which character she played  but according to the article  she appeared in it  I wonder if that movie inspired him to create any of his companies . Could be  so anyway  do you like horses . Yes  but I would never ride a horse to school like what two high school students did on the  no vehicles to school day   very creative though. I agree  really creative for sure  I bet they got in a lot of trouble too . Yes  they were suspended  which seems a little harsh to me .It does seem harsh but then again the horses could lose control and create a lof of chaos . Yes  especially if they had brought Icelandic horses  which have a fifth speed  called the tolt  which is a speedwalking unit for a horse.Can you imagine all the chaos  Another cool fact is that Clint Easthood is allergic to horses 
conversation_204  Hi  how are you  Do like horses . Hey there I love horses  Even though I m allergic to them they are still very fun to ride  what do you think. You re allergic  Are you Clint Eastwood  LOL  I ve never ridden a horse  but they seem like majestic animals . I wish I were Clint Eastwood  But I never knew that Iceland actually has a specific horses with a fifth speed  other horses do not have this ability for some reason. I don t understand the speeds  Trot  gallop      What else is there . yes its something called Tolt  I don t know exactly how fast that is though lol. I guess they have used horses there for many purposes  What do you think of the two high school students who rode their horses to school on  no vehicles to school day   and got suspended .I think that was genius but pretty dumb that they got suspended haha  What do you think about Dalmatians  Do you know how they are related to horses.I know that they are used by firefighters  I heard that they were deaf or something .Yes a lot of them are actually deaf  What do you think about Elon Musk by the way  I know that s a change of topic haha. That is a change of topic  He is not a dalmatian  or a horse  or deaf  I think that he is ambitious and trying to create new technology  You .Yes he seems very smart and also very ambitious  I think he has a dog but it s not a Dalmatian though haha  His wife also appeared in the movie Inception by the way.I thought he got divorced  Is he still married  She must be pretty . I think he is still married  I m not sure what she looks like though  did you ever watch the movie thank you for smoking by the way . Yes  I did  A long time ago  An interesting film  I like Aaron whatshisname  . Yes I did like that movie  Elon Musk apparently produced it and I forgot that he acted in it too. I ll have to check for that  He is a talented  intelligent guy  . Yep absolutely  I love that he wants to create a vertical take off jet  that also is electric  I think that would be cool I would love to have that haha. His ideas are astronomical  Anyway  great chat  Have a good night  Go watch Thanks for Smoking again . Yes I m going to check it out very soon  I m going to keep my eyes peeled for Elon Musk haha  also I ll keep my eyes peeled for his rocket that will colonize Mars haha. Yes  I will wait for Elon to travel on it first though before I go  Talk to you soon . sounds good  I ll be waiting for Spacex 
conversation_205  Earth never stops to amaze me  it was formed over     billion years ago and there is still much to learn about our planet.I know what you mean   It is the only object known to have life and we need to know why that is . I agree  we must find life in other planets if we want to survive as a species  its sad how     of the forests have been destroyed by now.That is definitely sad and very troubling   It makes me wonder what will happen to the polar regions with all of the ice .Global Warming happened to them and if we dont start caring about our planet we might need to find another one soon .Already things are changing   Did you know that there will be no helium on the planet by the end of this century   Not only are we losing plants and animals but now we are losing elements . I did not know that  I wonder how that will affect us  im sure it will have hidden consequences on life on earth and to think we account to only a small portion of earths history.I imagine it will have consequences too   I ve heard that when the earth was first formed a day was only just over   hours long   That would be weird   I guess that means the planet used to be closer to the sun . Yeah  it seems that way  or maybe rotated at a bigger speed  you know we  have an embassador in case aliens arrive to the planet or try to make contact with us . I didn t know that   That s actually pretty cool   I hope he or she is friends with Elon Musk  At the rate he is going  he ll find life before the government does   He s already planning a colony on Mars . Elon Musk is a genious  hopefully he is successful with his colonisation plan  he is also an actor you know.I didn t know that   I knew he co founded paypal but I had no idea he acted as well . Yeah apparently he acted in a thank you for smoking sketch  and his wife is an actress as well she was in the movie Inception.Impressive   I like that he is into solar energy   He inspired a solar company and now it s part of Tesla . He is looking into the future that is for sure  he also wanted to build a vertical take off jet for passangers . That would be different  I wonder if it would have benefits that the normal way doesn t   You know he thinks outside the box   When he wants to do something he just does it  like shooting a cheese wheel into space . That is an absurd way to waste money lol  shooting a cheese wheel into space  amazing but at the same time wasteful .If you got it why not   He is worth over    billion dollars after all . Yeah I guess so  just seems like a waste with all the poor families and kids without homes in the world  to think Musk was born in       he sure has taken advantage of his time on earth.He really has   I think he can be inspiring   I can see how it could be wasteful to spend money like that but on the other hand he shows people to just do what they want with what they have   It s a lot like Galileo back in the day building a telescope   To me it s a way to say give your imagination free reign and try stuff   Tesla is an electronic car company that he founded in the day and age where the big automakers dominate but he is giving it a try . Yeah I guess his contributions to socitety are bigger  one day he will be remembered as Galileo and other historic figures 
conversation_206 Have you ever seen the movie Snowden. Not yet  I know that s about the whistle blower who escaped to Russia  right  .Yeah founder of Wikileaks  You know they published the government s plans to destroy them . That s right  I forgot that he found Wikileaks also  I didn t know that  but I recently learned that the government owns     of NV land . That s a lot of land to be own by the government  what s their game plan  lol.Maybe Snowden knows  Apparently governments are to abide by governing principles that are to balance individual freedom and tyranny . Yeah sounds suspect  In       the us passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the Geneva conventions.Also sounds suspect  Did you know that Albert Einstein was asked to be Israel s president  But he declined .That s deep  Franklin D  Roosevelt tried to invite Albert Einstein to the White House . Yeah  and the letter was intercepted and then the invitation was declined by Flexner .Sounds like another administration i can think of . Einstein was very involved in American politics  To this day  his estate earns     million annually .He was born in Germany right . Yes  but he was very worldly  He was also a member of the NAACP and he charged    for his autograph  All of that collected money was donated to charities .Well that doesn t sound too bad  This is strange though Albert einstein wrote a quote in      and placed it in a time capsule to be opened in      .      I wonder why so far into the future  He was a scientist and developed the theory of relativity so maybe he saw something happening in this distant future . Maybe  thats too far in the future for me  It was not until the   th century that the term scientist came into regular use after it was coined by the theologian  philosopher  and historian of science William Whewell in       .Just a little too far ha ha  And natural philosophy was a precursor of natural science .They say that Harrison schmitt was the only scientist to walk on the moon .Einstein would have been in all his glory if he had the chance  And it would have been well deserved since he wrote to Roosevelt about uranium being turned into bombs .Yeah he did a lot more than what he s best known for  mass energy equivalence formula E   mc . Eureka  He sure did  But anyway  I enjoyed our chat  It was very informative  I hope you have a great evening .you too .Take care 
conversation_207  Are you a science fan  did you know that the estate of Einstein earns more that            a year  Pretty amazing inventor .I do love science  There is so many cool things to explore such as computers or chemistry .Did you know that Albert Einstein was born in Germany and is best known for for his equation E  mc  .I did know that  I find it intersting he wrote to Roosevelt about nuclear energy so long ago  We tend to think of it as a modern thing beyond the A bomb.It seems ironic that scientist put men on the moon but Harrison Schmitt was the only one to actually walk on the moon .I think astronauts need a different temperment than someone who works in a lab or engineering  There has to be a sense of thrill seeking that seems to be lacking in a lot of scientists .So true  The world wide web was invented in      by and english scientist working in Switzerland for a state funded research organization     How much it changed the world .It really has  I think it has impacted our economy and countries in ways that are unimaginable  I wonder if they knew what they were inventing when they did it .I am sure they had no idea  There were two geniuses that invented things without thought of how they were to be used Hertz and Maxwell   Had this thought that curiosity shoud drive invention.I think curiousity is a great thing  The internet sure has helped with that  Imagine the information we have access to now that generations past had so much trouble accessing . So often only governments and universities can fund the research for projects in science without an immediate need  It is kind of like an essay in Harpers magazine in      titled  The usefulness of Useless Knowledge .If only that money was put to better use . It is a bit like the scientist Hertz that worked out electromagnetism  Macaroni  did very little of the science but he was credited with inventing radio  .I think the pointless project funding goes back to entitlement spending  People start to think they can spend just because they want to .I think that was on the tails of the industrial revolution  I think that know with spending out of control only endowed universities have the luxury of funding research without a product goal .The problems lie in the facts that it is doing nothing but driving us deeper into debt as federal funding goes to these pointless projects that are driven in the name of research for research s sake and has no practical value . That is so true now  In the days of the   s    s  and fifties  the inventions such as dishwashers  air conditioners  and fax machines would drive the economy up .I think if we were to address the cost of inflation and the realities of what our government has done to the economy vs what other countries are doing we would be in a better place as a nation in america . I don t think that we would have the luxuries in our homes and lives that we have now without scientist  as a sidenote  did you know that Einstein answered his own mail  .I could see that  He seemed like a very down to earth man for how brilliant he was .That he could do that and earn the Nobel Prize for Physics shows that he was somewhat down to earth .He was a brilliant and kind man who impacted the science community in so many ways 
conversation_208  Hello  do you follow the government . A little bit  they own almost all of Nevada  . Yep  they own     of the state which is crazy . They did test a lot of nuclear bombs there  so I don t think anyone would want those areas  .Very good point  Did you know Wikileaks published the government s plan to shutdown Wikileaks . No  but it is seems logical given the nature of government and Wikileak s nature to publish them   .True  A man in France once impersonated a government official and was able to sell the Eiffel Tower twice . Yeah  I feel a little bad for the people that fell for it  especially the first one  he was so ashamed that he did not called to police  .Me too  The Norwegian government once gave    billion to help save the Amazon rainforest .Do you think they will succeed   I hope so .I hope so too  Do you know much about Einstein .I know he was a scientist  Is he German  . Yep  he was German  He was once asked to be the president of Israel  .Why would they ask him to be president of Israel   He must have made a ton of money with all those posters with his face .Not really sure  I also saw he was a member of the NAACP . So he was actively for civics right  he seems a good man but a quirky one I have heard that he wrote something and put it is a time capsule that will be opened in        .He was a good man and very smart  That s cool about the time capsule  Did you know he would charge    for his autograph . That is a lot for the time  what did he do with the money  .Not really sure lol  Seems a little bizarre  It was good chatting with you . Good  but there are other interesting scientists to talk about like the emperor of Japan who is also a scientist  .That s good  Take care 
conversation_209 How do you think our government is doing . Hi  I think they are doing pretty good right now  What do you think . I think so too  lots of drama with it  but as long as they are doing their job I am fine with it.For sure  I saw Wikileaks once published the government s plan to shutdown Wikileaks . that is awesome  that is really sticking it to the man  I wonder if they released why     of Nevada is owned by the government.That s a lot of Nevada they own  I bet there are tons of secret bases and things like that out there . I am sure there has to be  It is all desert  but I am sure they are doing some crazy things there. I bet they are  In       the Norwegian government donated    billion to help save the Amazon rainforest  . Wow  that is something  I wish we did that but I think we donate billions already to other countries with aid  .Yes we do donate a lot  A man in France once impersonated a government official and was able to sell the Eiffel Tower twice. that is awesome  not once  but twice  Someone had to have gotten fired over it lol.I agree  Do you know much about Einstein .I know he was some super smart guy and scientist  I think his estate gets a ton of money still. He was very smart  Looks like his estate gets             annually  . wow that is a ton of money  literally  I wonder what for  I am sure he has a ton of patents.I bet  Einstein was a member of the NAACP . that is awesome  he didn t discriminate  He lived during those times  I think he was asked to be the president of Israel also once.That s pretty cool  Did you know he charged    for his autograph .that is awesome  I hope he donated the money to charity or something  It was nice chatting with you .It was good chatting with you too  Did you know the emperor of Japan is a scientist as well .wow that is pretty crazy stuff  What a smart dude  Enjoy your day 
conversation_210 Hi there  Do you think voting is important . No today i don t  sorry i think it s all rigged What about you  . Yeah  sadly  I feel the same  Maybe the system still needs to be developed  Up until      not all men in UK had the vote .Right i heard that  Did you know astronauts get to vote from space .Neat  And in India they even set up a voting booth for one voter in area saturated with lions .Guess they did want him to vote  That sounds unusually cruel . I wonder if in India they vote what to name their garbage dumps  In Austin  Texas they voted to name theirs after Fred Durst . Wow that is to funny  i wonder why  Another unfortunate fact is that     of black males will never have the chance to vote.That s sad  And a lot of eligible voters do not show up  The turnout for presidential elections has not reached    percent in the last     years .Right  heres an interesting fact since      the taller candidate has always won .Wow  So officials in Ancient Athens were appointed by lottery  They thought elections would cause oligarchy  And knowing the fact you just told me doesn t make me have faith in the system either .It  supposed to be a formal group decision making process by which a population chooses an individual to hold public office  We know it s not .Do you think they should add a none of these candidates voting option for all elections .I m on the fence about that  I know Nevada has it but i wonder what the benefits are beside knowing who voted and who didn t . Yeah  there needs to be electoral reform  so that fair electorial systems are put in place .Right i m with you  Did you know that one of the moons of Jupiter would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun . Wow  Speaking of planets  I was sad when Pluto was deemed not a planet  I grew up being taught that it was .I know and then all of a sudden right  I hear they discovered building block for life some     light years away  I wonder how . Yeah  I m not sure  And I always thought planets spun in a similar manner  Venus doesn t tilt so it has no seasons  and it also rotates clock wise unlike other planets .Wow  Hey there a five planets in our solar system that can be seen with the naked eye . Cool  I want to go out right now and see how many I can spot  Have a good night 
conversation_211 Planets are pretty crazy if  you think about it. Yes  they are  I am crazy enough to appreciate them though  What interesting facts about planets do you know . Jupiter s moon ganymede would be a planet if it orbited the sun  do you know any . I have heard that some planets dont have a tilted axis  and others spin on their SIDE  crazy  huh . wow  very crazy  what would earth be like spinning on its side lol  I heard Uranus rolls around the sun. URANUS   What a name  Yes  i wonder what is wrong with that planet besides its awkward name . Right lol  imagine a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at you  that is a real thing.that sounds like a terrible vacation  i would rather go that planet     light years away . right  I heard about that planet  it can possible sustain life right .It might  we should get Elon to get some people headed toward the thing . Right  that could be his next venture  You think we will see a man on mars in our lifetime . Yes  we will  but how long can they be there  and what can they do that a probe cant  . That is a valid point  I am glad someone is spending money on it  Do you think the Space Force will patrol it lol . Um  i dont know about the Space Force  Maybe  THe govt has    trillion in debt  it is not a popular idea at the moment  . I think our elected president will push it like the wall  are you a fan of him .I am not really a trump fan  the wall is going to be in the next budget  about   billion  i think that the      election is going to be interesting . I think so too  I wonder who he will run against  I think if he wins it will show it was rigged again  but that is my opinion.The democratic field is a jumble now  it is unclear how the dems will come up with someone to run against an incumbent . I agree  there seems like there is already    running and I have only heard of like   of them  I need to research more  It was so nice chatting with you .It has been great  Im glad that the system is up again  Have a good evening . I am too  I hope it lasts  Have a good evening also 
conversation_212  hi  did you vote in the last election . Hi  how are you  Which election       .The      one . Yes  I did vote  Did you vote .Yes of course  Did you know the indian government put a poll in a forested area full of lions for a single voter .I guess the gov t needs to make sure everyone has a chance to vote  The US is different  The voter turnout for presidential elections hasn t exceeded       in the last     years. I cannot believe more people do not get out and vote  teally. They probably feel that their options are poor  Except in Nevada Nevada is the only state to have the  none of these candidates  voting option for presidential elections.I like to have that option really  Did you know astronauts vote from space .I figure they have the right  I wonder what percentage of astronauts actually vote .Maybe all of them I hope  even in uk not al men had the right to vote until     . Maybe you needed to own land  or have a title or something  I wonder if the same rules applied to women . I am not sure  but glad we all get to vote now  Did you know in atlanta     of the black male population cannot vote . That sounds like the South  I wonder what would happen if a basketball player ran for president Since       the taller candidate has won the us presidential election     of the time .That is an interesting one  In ancient athens officials were appointed by lottery.I guess they didn t want rich people to have power  Randomness changes things up . I guess  but it seems it worked well for them  Do you know much about the planet . The one that I m on right now  Sure  I know a few things  .Well all of them I guess Like that planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at      mpg on      fahrenehit weather. I think you d better bring an umbrella  Anyhoo  thanks for the chat . same here  have a good one
conversation_213 What did you think of the article about the shootings in Parkland.I thought it was very thoughtful and sad about all the mass shootings around in FL and Las Vegas.I thought it was sad too  It s a shame that people have to resort to shooting students as well as teachers  It s not even safe to go to school anymore.I wish there could be non polarizing discussions on it between society and politicians.There needs to be a conversation about it  Maybe it will reach out to people and the shootings will stop  Parents shouldn t have to worry about what s going to happen to their children when they send them to school .I guess it s important to vote for politicians who care about the people they represent and not lobbyists or the party line. Exactly  All certain politicians care about is money They don t care about what is best for people  If they did  things would be better and maybe the violence would end . Yep  in ancient athens officials were appointed by lottery to avoid an oligarchy.Maybe that should be done here in the U S  Most likely Trump wouldn t be in office if the elections was done by lottery . No  unfortunitly voter turnout hasn t breached       in the last     years so that may be why the country is in such bad shape. You re probably right  Some people feel like their vote doesn t count so they don t bother  Then again  maybe the taller candidate won as the article claims  That does explain how certain people are elected. I think Nevada has it right with the option  none of the candidates  as a voting option.I think they have it right too  It gives you the option not to vote for people you don t think are good enough to be in office. People vote for interesting things  Austin TX voted to rename their garbage dump to Fred Durst.They really do  I wonder why they wanted to name it after him  I also wonder why all men couldn t vote until     . I don t know  I also don t know why there are polling booths in forests filled of lions in India.I don t know why there are polling booths like that either  It also never occurred to me that astronauts can vote from space.That s nuts  Jupiter s moon ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun.It is  I find it strange how venus doesn t have seasons. Yea  Uranus is strange too since it rotates sideways.Exactly  That is very strange  Just like the planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways. Shards of glass and      degree weather  sounds fun
conversation_214  Hi  how are you .I m great  How are you . Well  thanks  How is your smelling ability. It s pretty good  on par will most  I still can synthesize my own vitamin C .How is your hearing . Hearing is pretty good  Like most humans  I have excellent distant running abilities  Well  maybe I used to .There is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans  That seems weird   . I think it s    hertz  very low  below our threshold of hearing  Causes fear because I think it s like an earthquake sound .Reallly    That s impressive knowledge  Do you know anything about ribs. I ve read that they grow back stronger after they get broken  but I haven t tested that out myself .Yeah  I know if you smoke them with BBQ sauce for   hours on     they are delicious   . That a good tip  but they probably won t heal well after that  . No  I am not good for the healing portion of ribs  I am on the other side of the healing line  I wonder how many ribs a black swallower fish can eat   .Times times their weight  They would get kicked out of the smorgasbord .Yeah  They would do some damage    I wonder how they would consume water .I don t know whether they are freshwater or saltwater fish .That would make the difference  I kknow they do not have necks   .The humble seahorse is the only fish to have a neck  But it s not immortal . Is there anything that is immortal  besides Hulk Hogan . There is a breed of jellyfish that s immortal  Probably goes by the nickname  Hulk Hogan  .HA  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_215 It is amazing how a certain scent can ellict specific memories from throughout your life isn t it . I know  I can catch a faint smell of something and be reminded of something from    years ago . Yes  like a summer rain always reminds me of walking through the woods as a boy   It s too bad we can t replicate those scents and be reminded of our childhood all of the time . I ve never thought about it  but I suppose we don t have names for smells  just where it comes from .That s true I refer to a damp basement smell as moldy but why not refer to the smell of onions as  yuk  . It s difficult to imagine having names for each smell  as we have for colors   I d think there were too many . Yes  but imagine if the defining term could relate to the listener not only what the smell was precisely but perhaps even it s location  Maybe other languages allow for more descriptive labels . I suppose if you have to survive  partially because of your nose  it makes sense to be very specific .I would think so  I suppose it has validity to convey something with just one word that lets everyone know everything about it  I think it might be difficult if you were to use a smell word with someone who had never smelled that scent before . The Semaq Beri speakers take it seriously  especially with the brother and sister thing   They d struggle in the city .Ha  They would indeed  It is funny how different cultures have taboos that make no sense to anyone but them  Whenever I smell a certain perfume I find myself back in time to my school days and the girl I used to love . I guess we have the ability to use our noses in the same way  we just don t have the need   There s not the peril for us . True  Not many wild predators around to threaten us  It might be interesting to know their names for smells and try to correlate them into our culture  would they mean the same or not . It seems it very specific to what you do  like the difference between horticulturists and hunter gatherers . Yes  and culture  If I say to you that an object smells like            you would in all likelihood have a very good idea of what I m referring to based on shared experience . Avoiding mixing odors seems very extreme  I can t imagine cooking at home if I have to use different burner for each meat .That would indeed be a hardship  When I cook I m always using the simplest most direct way to get fed  A lot of the time that involves a can and one pot . I wonder what they d make of some of the exotic cuisines like Indian  Thai or Vietnamese cooking . They would be adding to their dictionary I think  Some smells give me the willies  like fish  I hate the smell so whenever I walk into someone s home that has been cooking it I get sick to my stomach  so maybe they are on to something when they don t mix odors  . Speaking of fish  did you know there was an immortal jellyfish .I heard that but wonder how they determined it . Yeah  I guess there is no way to prove it   A lot easier to prove a seahorse has  a neck.Yes  Maybe the jellyfish in question regenerates itself constantly so they just infer that it s immortal . Another surprising fact is the burning of books by the FDA  I thought the US was against censorship.I did too  What was the subject matter and when did it happen . I have no idea  I d guess the thirties or fifties   Some kinds of novels with problematic themes.Probably of a sexual nature  Many people seem to think that leads to corruption . Well  it was good speaking to you 
conversation_216 Hello  Do you like to read . Hi  yes I like to read both Fiction and not fiction  what about you .I m into non fiction more than anything  I wonder what types of books the FDA burned back then . Wow  they really did a big act of censorship  it was six tons of books.That is one big stack of books  I wish I could have watched the olympic events of literature back in the day .That is right along with music and painting   And it was until last centuries  .That is so crazy  I didn t even know romantic kissing was a fairly recent development in literature  Where have I been . Wow  And it was not mentioned frequently in greek literature. Those stories were still amazing though even without that haha  I wonder if they ever wrote about humans losing their body hair         years ago .LOL who knows   but I found crazy that there is  a contest to come up with the worst opening sentence of a novel.I m sure there have been many dandies  I bet Winston Churchill wasn t in that since he won a nobel prize in literature .Yes he did not earn a peace nobel prize .You would have thought that is what it was for  I sometimes wonder what sound frequency causes fear in us . Wow  I guess they use those frequencies in suspense and terror movies  but did you know we could re grow a rib. That is crazy that we can  I wish we could regrow hair lol  and vitamin C but we can t  but everything else can . That would be awesome  The rib we could grow in   to   months  there must be something to regrow hair  we just have to discover it .I agree  We need to get on the immortal life like a breed of jellyfish is . That is amazing  and about sea creatures  did you know only the seahorse has a neck . That is hard to imagine with all of the breeds out there  but very cool  Fish are just crazy .Did you know that there is a difference how fresh water and salt water fishes drink water .Isn t it something with osmosis  I m going to look more into that  Have a great day 
conversation_217 How familiar are you with the hunting and gathering culture people used to have . Not too familiar       Although I ve read a bit from researcher Nicole Kruspe discussing odor . Although our sense of smell may not be as developed as some species  odor played an essential role in our survival  However  odor is unique in that people don t name the specific odor itself  but rather what it reminds us of . Interesting    Western scholars dismissed scents as unknowable  or at least unnameable for millenia . True  but recent studies by Majid found that the Jahai  who are hunter gatherers still  are able to identify these odors by abstract names  It seems that these hunter gathers   horticulturalists can identify odors  unlike the rest of their world due to their unique cirucmstances . True  Kruspe and Majid propose that  when people settle into  say  horticulture or postindustrial society  other senses become relatively more important than smell  . McGann states that this ability to distinguish the differences in odor receptors would play a greater role in a more natural  wild environment than the secure urban areas that most horicultural people live  While distinquishing complex smells may save a hunter gather s life in the wild  it would be as much a life or death situation in most instances in an urban setting  In fact  simple odors like smelling sulfur are enough for most people to avoid dangerous situations . Did you know that Humans  taxonomically  Homo sapiens  are the only extant members of the subtribe Hominina . I recently read that the defining characteristics of Hominina are bipedal locomotion  high dexterity  complex brains  and complex language . Early hominins particularly the australopithecines  whose brains and anatomy are in many ways more similar to ancestral non human apes are less often referred to as  human  . True  but because evolutionary development is progressive  it is diffiult to define cleanly where it is apes stop being apes and became humans instead  Considering some of these early hominins were capable of using fire  displaying high intelligence  I believe they should still be consider humans or at least an early precusor . True  they gave rise to anatomically modern Homo sapiens in Africa about         years ago. Rather than simply anatomy  I believe the social behaviors and communication is what distinguishes modern human  While most early hominins were capable of using tools  homo sapiens were able to use societys for protection and use their advance communication to capture even the most abstract of concepts for the exponential accumulation and spread of knowledge . Did you know that If earth s entire history was viewed as a    hour period  humans would only represent   minute and    seconds .I only happened upon that information on a Did you know  video  What advantages do you believe allowed us to dominate within this small window in history . Advantages that explain this evolutionary success include a relatively larger brain with a particularly well developed neocortex  prefrontal cortex which enable high levels of abstract reasoning and language. Although early hominins have similar adaptations  what do you believe made us stand out and survive while the others didn t .A silly one is that Humans are the only mammals that can t breathe and swallow at the same time.What purpose do you think this serves  Is it to seperate the lungs and stomach to prevent drowning or getting food in the lungs . Perhaps so  although such adaptaptations would be more likely to occur as gill bearing aquatic craniate animals that lack limbs with digits came to land . Speaking of fish  I recently learned that it is negatively labeled as a parphyletic group and not a formal taxonoic group since the classification isn t as clear as perhaps mammals .Fish are pretty amazing       There was a koi fish named hanako that lived for     years    Thanks for the chat 
conversation_218 Do you like fish . Yes  I love fish  at least eating it   I find it funny that freshwater fish only  drink  water through their skin via osmosis  while saltwater fish also drink water through their mouths . I like to eat them too  and that is funny  have you heard of the black swallower fish before . Well  I ve heard that they can eat prey twice their length and ten times their weight  so they must be quite strong  . I agree and also a scary species  they seem like quite the predator. Yeah  for sure  I also found it interesting that a seahorse is the only fish to have a neck  I didn t even know it was a kind of fish .The only one  reallly  that is suprising I though most fish had a neck. Actually  I think what we take for a fish s neck  I ve made this mistake also  is not really a neck  but more the area where their gills come out  I find it interesting also that    per cent of genes known to be associated with human diseases have counterparts in the zebrafish . Sounds like a fish we have to study a lot more closely  they can be the solution to many of our health problems and the immortal jellyfish. Yeah  for sure  It s kind of funny actually  because they said that in humans  that if a human has a rib surgically shortened  that he she can regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within only     months . Humans are just amazing  we adapt for persistnace and we are the best distance runners in all the animal kingdom. Yeah  for sure  Humans do have their downfalls though  because they cannot synthesize their own vitamin c like animals and plants can . I guess its a great thing we know how to appy science  . Yeah  for sure  One thing that humans have going for them however is their creativity  Did you know that there is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel  That s really funny  . I didnt know that  do you like to read  it does sound like a funny contest. Yes  I love reading  It s kind of funny  because architecture  literature  music  painting and sculptures were olympic events from      until       I don t know why those would be considered sports  but that is quite interesting . It is interesting  never considered as sports either  do you know who Winston Churchill was . Yes  he was the British Prime Minister during WWII and in      he won a nobel prize  ironically though  it was in literature and not peace .I didnt know him as much of a writter but I haver to read some of his novels and works. Yeah  he sounds like an interesting guy  It s kind of curious though  because it has been said that romantic kissing is a fairly recent development and is rarely mentioned even in ancient greek literature  How can they explain Romeo and Juliet then  That one had a lot of kissing on the lips . Yeah one that ended with two deaths and poison  hope you have  a nice night  
conversation_219  Hi there   do you have a favorite instrument . Hi there  I do I love the guitar and the piano  How about you .Yes I love the piano too  Once the BBC played music as they felt they did not have important news.Wow that is impressive  Freddie Mercury and McCarthy also played piano too. Yeah and they played the same piano once  freedie for bohemian rhapsody and mccarthy for hey jude.Nice that is pretty cool  Have you heard of circus galop .Yeah that is the stress testing song for pianos that humans cannot play.There is a piano that sits on top of the highest mountain in the UK.Oh that must be the one that the climbers found when they were hiking up there. Yes that is the one  Do you ever shop online  like on Amazon .I do actually  Did you know Jeff built a clock on a mountain . Yes and it is supposed to run for        years  AMazon owns IMDB  pretty cool.They are everywhere now  And they have a deal with US Postal Service to deliver on Sundays.That is so convenient  And their workers seem to be really busy all day long. Yes they can walk anywhere between      miles  that is a lot of steps.That sure is  Have you ever bought from AmazonBasics . I have  I know they are supposed to be on the lower end but I find their stuff to be pretty good too. I agree  it is pretty good  The first guy to buy on amazon got a building named after him.Yes and all he had to do was spend less than      What a contribution.Yeah pretty awesome for him  Do you like animals . I do  my favorite are dogs but I also like others like cats  snakes  elephants and such
conversation_220  Hello Friend  do you like baseball . Yea  I m a hugh Yankees fan  I never knew a    year old female pitcher once struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig then got banned  sounds like they signed her. Yes  did you know that baseball managers were uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises .I didn t know that was the reason why managers wore uniforms but I ve heard of mangers playing in the game on rare occasions. Yes  did you also know that a man found    Million worth of      s baseball cards in his grandfather s attic hidden there since the     s . No that s crazy  I wonder if they had cards of players on the      World Series winning Cubs.That could be   Did you also know that kickball is also called soccer baseball in Canada . No  that s an odd name  Did you know in baseball if a player catches a ball in their hat  the opposing team gets three bases instead of being out . That s cool  Did you know that after the Chicago Cubs won the      World Series  over   million people celebrated in the streets  making it one of the largest gatherings in human history . No but I m not surprised  it had been     years since the Cubs last won a world series. Yes  and the Chicago Cubs were the first baseball team to win back to back world series  and didn t win again until      . I never knew the Cubs used to be named the Orphans  I wonder why they were called that. Not sure but I know that the Chicago Cubs and the Atlanta Braves are the two oldest teams in the major league baseball  both having been founded the same year as the Battle of the Little Bighorn . Interesting  I never knew the Cubs had pitchers with   and   fingers on their pitching hand  I wonder if those features gave them an advantage. I m not sure but in       the Chicago Cubs baseball team was  cursed  when the stadium security wouldn t let a man named Billy Sianis stay in a World Series stadium with his smelly pet goat   The cubs did not play in a World Series again until      . Lol  spooky  Did you know that the Dodgers lost the most world series than any other team . Yes  did you know that as of      the World Series has been contested     times .Yes and the AL has the edge with    victories compared to the NL s   .Fascinating   Did you know that in the      World Series that the US Marine Corps color guard carried the Canada flag into the stadium upside down . Lol no  maybe the US marines were trying to get into the Toronto Blue Jays head.That could be  Nice chatting and have a good night 
conversation_221  Hi  do you like baseball .Hai  How are you .Did you know why baseball managers do wear their uniforms during a game .Yes    same dress code to baseball managers. Yeah  if there is a need they will have to play  I  have never seen that happen .oh   why are you saw that happen.I did play kickball when i was a child did you play as well .oh really nice   I am play football   . Intersting  In canada kickball is called  soccer baseball  I think it makes sense .yes   I think sports are giving knowledge .Did you know baseball is really popular in japan .yes   I know   But i don t know about baseball  Are you explain about baseball . Well  baseball is a really fun sport between two teams  the offensive   who are the batters and the defensive who are in the field .oh   very nice explanation . Then the batter team  once they get to hit the ball  they run the bases and If they complete the bases  they score a run.wow   very interesting game  I will try to play baseball . Yes  i agree is a lot of fun to play baseball and also to watch the world series .ok    That game was really fun    I am also watch the baseball world series . it is exciting because it consists of a seven game playoff  so it is not just one night  you get to extend the enjoyment many nights.oh    I definitely play and watch the baseball game  It s really very interesting   .Well you are right  I hope you have a nice day 
conversation_222 Have you heard of Doug Harey .Wasn t he an umpire for the MLB .Yes he just died at    years of age . I guess he was a big deal  and he lived quite a while  He ll be missed though.He must ve been an interesting character to earn the nick name  God  .He was one of those umpires that knew what he was doing. Yup  he earned his spot in the hall of fame after calling       games . And five World Series  which is a big leagues in the MLB  He wasn t intimidated by anyone  it seems.He was around to see some of the first world series that first started in      .That s incredible  Do you pay attention to baseball much .No I did when I was younger but lost interest  How bout you . Every once in a while  It s one of those sports I would rather play than watch  The Japanese are such big fans of baseball that they would probably take the name  national pastime  from the Americans if they could.Yea they are usually surprised to find so many americans like it too .Enough that people used to collect baseball cards  One man found a collection in his grandfather s attic that was worth three million dollars.thats a lot of money  are any managers cards worth anything  they do wear the uniform after all . Probably only if they step in and play the game  I ve never seen any of them do it  but that would be an interesting thing to see. I think that would be fun to see  like the cubs winning the championship after     years . It would be fun to see them all play kickball sometime  In Canada  they call the game soccer baseball.I dont think a couple would schedule all      games throughout    years for soccer baseball  like one couple did for baseball .They might if the game got enough sponsors  They could even play it in extreme conditions like in the snow or on ice  Wearing hockey skates.People would watch it just for the sake of getting together 
conversation_223  Hey how are you doing  ever have problem with the dust fallout while having your wood floors finished . Never  lol  have you . I haven t but if you were wondering  it s best to clean everything before you do so there is no dust to begin with . That is a good point  start off on the right foot  I wonder if you can buy products on amazon. I m sure you can  might be more than         that was the amount spent by the first customer on Amazon . I heard that person got a building named after them  that would be awesome  and definitely worth the    dollars  I can t believe Amazon started in     . For sure  started as a book store  The USPS has a contract to deliver Amazon packages on Sunday  You think Amazon is getting too big . I think Amazon has gotten so big  but I think in a good way  I just hope they turn into a monopoly . For sure  they kind of already are  Or at least selling all that cheap stuff kind of hurts the market overall  The warehouse workers work a ton  between   and    miles a day they walk .I couldn t imagine walking that much per day  I would be in the best shape of my life  Did you know that amazon has another site that sells their returned goods at a discount. I was not aware of that  what it is called  Amazon owns IMDB too  that s surprising . I don t know what it is called  I want to check it out lol  I don t mind getting an even bigger discount on amazon goods  I wonder why the own imdb. Yah  it s just out of box stuff usually  Did you know there are no snakes in New Zealand . New Zealand sounds like the place to be  snakes scare me lol  I don t get why some snakes give birth and some lay eggs. Yah  they re pretty messed up  it is interesting to know that the fear of snakes is engrained in our brains .snakes are crazy lol. Truly  very crazy  I m surprised Crocodiles are more closely related to bird than snakes and lizards .I would never have guessed that  I wonder what the relationship is. Not really sure  maybe closer to dinosaurs . Yea I think that is it  they say dinosaurs had feathers like birds lol  that would be interesting to see for sure . For sure  it was great chatting with you  I hope you have a good rest of the night  take care 
conversation_224 Are you a fan of baseball . I am  I love the game  What about you .I don t mind it  Do you know why managers wear uniforms . Yep  because they are technically able to play for their team if the need arises  I don t recall ever seeing one play though .That s correct  I ve never seen it happen either . I ve heard that up from      until      a married couple actually scheduled all       major league games played each year .Wow  That s some serious devotion to the game . Yeah it is  I find it fascinating that baseball is so popular in Japan  I remember watching games when I was stationed there and the crowds were amazing  even for small local games .I had heard that it was so huge over there that they are surprised that it is our past time .Did you ever collect baseball cards .I did not  How about you .I collected them with my dad when I was a kid  I wish I could have found a collection like this one man did  He found three million dollars worth of     s baseball cards in his grandfather s attic  They had been hidden since the     s .Wow  That s amazing  I wish I came across something like that myself .Do you know that kickball is called soccer baseball in Canada .I did not  That seems like an overly complicated name . Poor Canada though  in the      World Series  Marine Corps color guard carried the Canadian Flag into the stadium upside down .Oh no  That was a major error  Did you know that until their recent win the last time the Cubs won the world series the Ottoman Empire still existed .Yep that was such a huge win for them  I heard over   million people celebrated in the streets .I can see why  They were also the first team to win back to back world series but then didn t win again until the recent one which was a huge gap in between wins .The team was supposedly cursed in      when stadium security wouldn t let a man named Billy Sianis bring his goat into the stadium .That is a very strange superstition for them to have  It was nice chatting with you  Have a lovely night 
conversation_225  How s it going  do you follow baseball  The Nationals recently traded Daniel Murphy and Matt Adams to the Cubs. I don t follow baseball much  but I do think I heard something recently in the news about how the Cubs won over the Phillies  It s so confusing when they trade players for me to follow . Yea  I guess the manager Martinez isn t doing too good in Washington and traded them away.I think the Cubs have been having a lot of trouble with their player s health  I hope they can turn it around and have a good season . Maybe  but the Cubs haven t been too lucky since they started in     .I think I ve heard about that   are they the team that one back to back and then haven t won another World Series since then . The Cubs didn t win until       they beat the Royals I believe . Oops meant won not one  I remember a long time ago they lost in a famous World Series game to the White Sox  I m glad they won recently  as it s been a long time . Yea  When the Cubs won   million people celebrated in the street  they have been waiting a long time.I bet that was one of the best baseball celebrations ever  I heard that Ronald Regan was a broadcaster for the Cubs in the thirties  He had a very interesting life . Yea  wonder if he called the infamous Billy Goat game. How do you play that  I heard that when the Cubs first started playing baseball they were the Chicago Orphans  I wonder what the story behind that is  though . I don t know  the Cubs were founded the same year as the Battle of Little Bighorn so maybe it has something to do with the times.That s a fun fact  I also hear they re called the North Siders because of where Wrigley Field is and The White Sox has their field on the South Side of Chicago  Have you ever been there . No but I d love to visit Wrigley field  it is one of the most historic baseball parks. I hear that it s a really nice place and the culture is cool there too  In example  when the visitors hit a homer into the bleachers the cubs fans throw it back into the field  lol I d like to see that .THat s pretty crazy  I heard Japan has a crazy baseball culture too and are shocked to find out baseball is America s pasttime.I ve heard of that and wonder what the food is like at a Japanese baseball game  Do you think they d serve both sushi and hot dogs . Probably  I wonder if Japan has baseball cards like in the US  a guy once found   million dollars worth in his grandfathers attic. That sounds like a really cool find  especially if you know the right baseball card collectors  I think I m gonna go collect some dinner  TTYL .Have a good one
conversation_226 Hi there  How s it going  Are you a baseball fan .Hi  I m doing very well thanks  I m do watch baseball on occasion and I m a casual fan .Do you root for a specific team  Long time Yankee fan over here .You probably won t like this but I m Red Sox fan  I heard that Eric Hosmer signed with the San Diego Padres  for      million in an eight year contract .Haha you re right I don t like the Red Sox  Yes I believe the Hosmer contract was last year  I think that s going to end up being a bad contract .Me too  I think its too much money for a player that has proven himself  He is a    years old and he plays in the first base position and he did very well as a Royal .By the end of that deal he will be in his mid to late    s and nowhere ear as good  Definitely an overpay  Not as crazy as those Machado and Harper deals for over     million though .No nothing like that  He has won   Gold Gloves in his career and I will like to see him in a Red Sox uniform . That s true the Red Sox only weakness now is  st base  Who s their starting  Mitch Moreland .You are correct  I also heard that Hosmer will be making     million over each of the first   seasons with the Padres . That s smart to front load it  It s crazy how much these guys get to play baseball  It s not even as physically demanding as football  basketball or hockey .I agree with you completely  Those sports are way more physical than baseball  Did you know that the Dodgers have lost more world series championships than any other baseball team . They ve been around so long  it makes sense  I think they lost a lot of them to the Yankees  It s funny prior to the cubs just winning recently the last time they won before that the Ottoman Empire still existed .Ha Ha   The Dodgers are bad  They were crushed by the Red Sox.I hate how good Mookie Betts is  I think the Yankee s will give the Red Sox a run for their money this year though .I believe that to be the case  The Yankees are very talented club and always gave a hard time to the Red Sox whether we played them here or at Yankees .Have you been to Fenway Park  I actually saw a game there on a trip to Boston  It s a really cool stadium .I have been to Fenway Park a few times and its really nice and especially when we play against the Yankees  I think the Padres will be fine because their ownership is investing  . Well I don t know if you heard  but the Padres did just sign Manny Machado this year  I think his contract was like     million for    years . You re correct  They are building the team and I think they will do well in the long term but as far as them making it to the World Series  I m not too sure about that . I don t think they have the pitching yet  That s so important for winning the World Series  Anyway it was nice chatting with you  enjoy the rest of your day .You re correct  It all comes down to exceptional pitching to make it to the World Series  I was very nice chatting with you today as well  Have a nice day   .Take care 
conversation_227  hello  do you watch baseball . I do  it is my favorite sport  Do you watch  .I watch it from time to time  Do you know why the managers wear uniforms .I think they are technically allowed to play . Yeah  good for them  do you know what kickball is called in Canada . No  do you play kickball  I did for fun a few years ago  .I do not play it but apparently in Canada it is called soccer baseball. Awesome  I ve only been to Canada once  Have you been  . Yes  I have friend there so I go all the time  Nice country and nice people.Awesome  Did you know Baseball is super popular in Japan .Yeah and they cannot believe that in the US is just a pastime . yeah  that s awesome  The Cubs were the first team to win back to back world series  . Nice  good for them  Do you know who used to do the schedule for major baseball laegue. No  do you  Apparently the Ottoman Empire was still in existence when the Cubs won the world series  .Oh wow that means it goes way back then  Yeah it was a couple who did it for    years. Yeah  that is crazy  Apparently the cubs had a player with   fingers  doesn t seem possible  . Wow  that is so interesting indeed  Did you know the women s cup had higher ratings than the world series .I can believe it  Some of the games can be boring if you aren t a fan . That is very true  When the CUbs won in         million people celebrated i the streets. Wow  that must have made a huge mess  They were the first team to win it back to back  but then didn t win again until       .And the largest in history  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_228 Hi   Can you play the piano . I can play some  I have an electric piano that I keep plugged in in my room . Thats really cool  I can play a bit  but spend more time with other instruments   Did you know Freddie Mercury used the same piano for Bohemian Rhapsody that McCartney used for Hey Jude in the recording studio .That s really cool  I wish the news would play piano instead of news these days like they did back in      .I know  It would be far better than the slanted views they all put out today   Id actually enjoy that .Do you like Amazon  I have Amazon prime video and it with Netflix is all I really use for tv these days . I love amazon   Love how quickly they can get things out  even on sundays. Maybe I should get a job in one of the Amazon warehouses  sounds like a good idea to lose some extra weight since they walk   to    miles per day . That might be a good gig for me too  trying to up my step game   .I would love to visit the clock in the mountain that Jeff Bezos had built . That would be cool   It is going to run for        years so youve got time . So how do you feel about snakes  I have a pet king snake myself  and I love them . I dont think I could own one  but Im not scared or anything   Did you know there are No Snakes in New Zealand . Yeah that s pretty crazy  The only bad thing about owning a snake is the upkeep  it can get expensive . I bet  is your snake one of the ones that flies . Haha no  king snakes can not do that  if they could I am not sure I would want to own one  they sound very dangerous .Where I live a giant cobra escaped and was loose in the city . Well I hope someone caught it before someone killed it  You cant punish them for doing what is hard wired into them . They never found it   Dead or alive   Yeah  I have a friend who is seriously afraid of snakes  runs away from the smallest ones . I don t have a fear of snakes  but spiders on the other hand I almost can not stand them to even be near me  hate the little buggers .Small ones dont bother me but once they get past a certain size thats a big nope from me   Roaches freak me out . Haha yeah roaches are just down right nasty  any way good chatting with you .Same here have a good day 
conversation_229  Hi  how are you doing this evening .Hi I m doing well  Do you like baseball  I personally think it s really boring haha.Baseball is a slow game  I usually pay attention around the time of the playoffs  Then there s a lot of energy . Yeah it gets burst of energy  and then a lot of really boring Parts LOL  I never knew that baseball managers could actually play for their team  That s why they wear uniforms  duh. Yeah  it s easier to just watch the highlight reel  The managers probably played way back in the day  Now  It would be sad  I d want my money back .Haha yep they would probably get injured really quickly LOL have you ever played kickball when you were a kid. I played kickball  Safer than dodgeball  that s for sure . Yep I agree with you there  In Canada they call kickball soccer baseball instead  it doesn t quite have the same ring LOL.It sure doesn t  That s clunky name  Baseball is so popular in Japan that many fans are surprised to discover it s  america s national pastime  I wonder why  The sport started here . I agree with you  It s very screwy that they would not realize that LOL oh  did you hear about the man who found millions of dollars of baseball cards and his grandfather s attic  Now that is living the dream haha. That would be great  I would sell some of them  but keep some for a long term investment  You never know how much they could be worth one day . No you re right  That s why I don t throw anything away  And it s also why my house is a mess LOL  One thing I don t understand is why the MLB used a married couple for    years to schedule all their games  why wouldn t they use a computer. The couple probably used some kind of technology  but I bet they had a friend at the MLB head office  Maybe they were inexpensive  I dunno . haha ya  and they did that until       very crazy .That s a long time  Do you watch the World Series  I try to .No I can t say that I do haha  I like I said I don t really watch sports that much  I know that it is the best of seven games correct  Who do you want to win this year.I like it when an underdog wins  I m tired of big city teams with big payrolls winning  The Series should bring out the best in the fans and the players .Yep I like that too  What s crazy is that Babe Ruth tried to steal a base in game seven  That s what made him lose the      World Series  Wasn t Babe Ruth really fat . He was pretty big later on  but he was also a pitcher at one time  so maybe he was speedy  Still  stealing a base  He was a hitter  not a runner .Yep I agree with you  Pretty cool that the Cubs were the first team to win back to back World Series  I know that would be impressive. It was impressive  but then they hit the world s longest losing streak  How  Is it a curse .Haha well at least the curse has been broken  What s also crazy is that the Women s World Cup had higher television ratings than the World Series in the United States  Personally I think soccer is even worse than baseball so I don t know how that s possible
conversation_230  I m not really into sports  but I learned a lot about baseball . Hello  me too  but have you heard about Philadelphia Phillies .I know a little about them  They have a funny mascot  It looks like Stephen Strasburg is doing well since healing from his injury . you know that ended in a     win for Strasburg and the Washington Nationals at Citizens Bank Park and gave the team its first five game winning streak since the end of May  I was so surprised  can you imagine       .That s amazing  I can t believe the Nationals have a    year old rookie player who is doing so well . yes that is amazing  He fell behind a couple times and got right back to throwing strikes  He did really  really well  Do you know Aaron Nola .I have never heard of him  Is he a good player too . Yes hi is  he Phillies  Aaron Nola has been one of the National League s best and is right behind Max Scherzer and the New York Mets  Jacob deGrom in the Cy Young conversation  that s the information I have learned.That s something  I thought it was interesting that all othe game scheduling was done through a married couple until       I wonder who handles it now . yes me either  Then it was a nerve impingement in his neck  Now Strasburg is inching back into form  one start at a time  even if most of his fastballs are still registering in the low   s  .The low   s is pretty fast for someone with that kind of injury  I also didn t know the game was so popular in Japan . Me too  can you believe  in Japan     I also learned that Ryan Zimmerman added a run scoring single three hitters later and a solo home run in the fourth that sneaked just above Odubel Herrera s glove and into the bushes beyond the center field wall . That must ve been so awful for Odubel Herrera  to just miss catching the ball  It was probably quite a sight to see in person  . yes I guess so    Can you believe that he Phillies right hander never hit a stride in five innings of work  while Strasburg was only scratched by J P  Crawford s solo homer to start the fifth .I guess people sometimes have off games  Hopefully he ll be able to get out of that slump . yes that s for sure  Nationals pent the past month hovering on either side of mediocrity  trading key players to contending teams  watching their playoff hopes come and go with the summer  But the Nationals have shown a lot of life in the past five days  if only a week or two too late  I am very impressed  what about you .They are turning out to be an impressive team  Hopefully they ll make better decisions and continue to play well enough to go on to the world series  I am learning quite a bit about the team in this conversation .yes exactly  do you like baseball . I like watching it in person  Not so much on TV  It s more exciting to be there  I ve only been to one pro game with a friend who s really into the game    I think it was the Nationals many years ago  I don t recall who they played or what the score was  but it was a fun afternoon .Yes I like to watch it from home with my friends lol  and did you know that Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises .Wow  I did not know that  I wonder if any of the managers are any good   .it was nice to chat
conversation_231  Hello   do you like baseball .You bet  Do you know why the managers wear a uniform . I believe its because they are able to play in the game if needed  Thats kinda cool   I hope they never have to though   .Yeah it is pretty cool  I wonder if they do that more in Japan where they take the game more seriously.I hear that they are surprised to know that baseball is an american thing lol.Yeah it seems so  Do you know who used to do the scheduling for the major league games . Not sure   who   A man found   million dollars worth of baseball cards in an attic    lucky guy .Yeah that is amazing  It was a couple who did it for    years in a row. Wow  the must really love baseball   That is a lot of time dedicated to the sport   that is really sweet that they had something they were both passionate about though  .Exactly because scheduling      games every year is no easy feat.I know right   Probably after a few years they developed a working system or a program .Yeah that is a high possibility too  Do you know when the World Series was founded .No I dont   When .It was founded in      and at that time even the ottoman empire was in existence still.Interesting   did you know the chicago cubs were the first team to win back to back world series .Yes they were but then they were cursed or something because they have not won anymore since then. I hear they actually did win again   in      .Oh right when they had that huge celebration with   million people out in the streets. Yes   the largest gathering of humans in history  .That is pretty impressive  Did you know the Cubs are one of the oldest teams in MLB .I did not  Thats cool   ITs been great talking to you 
conversation_232  Hello there  are you a fan of baseball .Yes   I was an assistant scout for the Phillies years ago   Did you know that a married couple scheduled all      games for    years until      . Wow  that is pretty cool   And no I didn t know that but that is very interesting   I wonder how they ever got that job . I don t know  but it must be complicated since there are sometimes concerts and other uses of stadiums   Also  it s too cold in some ballparks early in the season   There is a form of baseball played with a kickball in Canada . Yeah that is true  the weather is unpredictable and some stadiums don t have roofs   Yeah I think it is called soccer baseball or something like that  .It is odd that managers wear baseball uniforms   Coaches in other sports don t wear uniforms . Yeah it is odd  but do you know why they might wear uniforms unlike other sports .I have read that they can actually enter the game but I am not sure that I believe it . Yeah that is right  technically they can play if they need to   Wouldn t that be fun to watch your team s manager play and bat  . Some would do well because they were recently players  but sometimes they are over    years old   Some of Japan s baseball fans are surprised that it is such a big deal in the US .Yeah I know Japanese people are really into baseball   Did you watch the world series this year .Yes   The American League champ plays the National League champ and the NL is not doing so well lately .Yeah my team was one game away from representing the NL in the series   Did you know that Babe Ruth was caught stealing to end game   of the series way back in      .That was not a good baseball decision trying to steal that base .No that doesn t sound like it   But I think he made up for it quite a bit   Do you know who the first team to win back to back world series was . Yes   The Cubs   The last time they won  the Ottoman Empire still existed .Yeah good call   Are you a fan of the Cubs at all .I do like them   Their stadium is so old and so classic   I guess what I said about the Ottoman Empire was wrong   They won in      also . Yeah they did  maybe that was the last time they won their back to back series  .I live in Phoenix and the Diamondbacks won in        I could not imagine going     years without winning like the Cubs did .Yeah our manager was a hero for you in that final game back then   Well I haven t seen one in my lifetime I am ready   It was nice talking with you 
conversation_233 Do you follow baseball .Yes  I am a dodger fan.Awesome   I like Walker Buehler   What do you think of the Dodgers Reds trade   Think it was a good one . No  They gave up too much  Puig was a pain in the neck  but one of the best defensive left fielders in baseball  The pitcher wood was a young guy who was an all star   years ago.I was kind of surprised when they did that trade   Did you know baseball managers wear uniforms because they can technically play if needed .Yes  I remember Pete Rose and Frank Robinson doing that.Yes   How about the guy who found   million dollars worth of baseball cards that were hidden in his grandfathers attic since the     s   I m not ashamed to admit that I still a few packs of baseball cards every year   It gives me the thrill I had when I was kid opening them .Yes my base baseball cards were thrown out many many years ago  I wish I had those back.They were super huge there in the late   s and early   s but have died down in popularity since then   Did you know kickball is also called soccer baseball in Canada .Yes  I had heard that before .I don t know if I would like to schedule the games   For    years a married couple scheduled all MLB games played each year .That sounds like a heck of a big job .I would want no part of it   Babe Ruth was thrown out stealing to end game   and lose the      world series   First time I ve ever seen that fact .I have never heard that before .First time for me as well   Did you know that baseball is really popular in Japan and many fans there are surprised to find out it s known as America s national pastime .Yes  Baseball has been big in Japan for a long time.I find it interesting how they name the teams   Surprised we don t see that here   We could see the Walmart Cashiers playing the Target Bullseyes  lol. The  Dodgers are called the Dodgers because their fans in Brooklyn Had to Dodge trollys to get to the Stadium  They were called trolly Dodgers  Then shortened to Brooklyn Dodgers.That is interesting   I honestly never knew that     The womens cup had higher tv ratings than the world series in the US   That kind of shows the sport is on a downtrend like the cards .I never Knew that  But baseball is a slow paced game  I guess the kids like faster paced sports.Yes   They are into video games now  too much if you ask me    It s been fun talking ball with you   I enjoyed it   Have a good day 
conversation_234 do you like baseball .I do and watch it quite a bit and you .Me too  do you know why the managers wear uniforms . I am not sure of that actually  did not notice  Why .Yes because they can play if their team needs them to.Nice  DO you know how many balls are used during a MLB season .Hmm I have no idea but I know that a couple did the schedule for    years for those games.Wow that is a lot and they use        balls per season.Now that is a low  Did you hear about that guy who made   million from old baseball cards . WOw no  where did he find all those cards . In the attic  they were his grandfather s  How lucky.I know  A female pitcher at just the age of    once took out Babe Ruth and was banned after that.Wow that is impressive too bad and unfair she got banned though.Exactly  Women s world cup has more viewers than the Works Series.Do you know when the World Series was founded . Yes that was back in       so over     years old now.yeah it is pretty old  They were around when the ottoman empire was around too.Wow that feels really old  Do you know which team has lost the most championships . Hmm I do not know that  which team is that . That is the dodgers  poor guys must be beating themselves about it.I know  The Cubs were the only team to win back to back world series and then nothing for a long time.Wow they must have struck bad luck after that
conversation_235  Hello there  do you watch baseball .I sure do from time to time  Do you know why the managers wear a uniform .Yeah they wear them because they are technically allowed to play if it need be.Yes exactly  Do you know what kickball is called in Canada . I think it is called soccer baseball  is it not . Yes it is  a combination of both games  In Japan seems to be a really popular game.Yup they are so into the game that they cannot believe it is just a pastime here.Yeah exactly  Do you know who used to do the scheduling for major league games .I hear there was this couple who did it for    years in a row. That is amazing       games every year that is just too many numbers for me.It sure is for me too  THe ottoman empire was in existence when the world series started.Wow that means it started really early this whole thing with baseball .Yes it started back in       The Cubs were the only team to win back to back championships.Yes and they have not won since then so I wonder what happened there.Yeah one wonders right  Women s world cup on the other hand has higher ratings than the world series .That is pretty impressive  The largest gathering in human history was when the Cubs won the world series in     .Yeah I heard more than   million people were put celebrating. Yeah that is insane  The Cubs are one of the oldest teams in MLB  along with Atlanta Braves . That is pretty cool  And they have had pitchers with      and   fingers in their pitching hand. Nice  that sounds interesting  They are also one of the oldest teams in MLB.Yeah  They were once believe to have been cursed when security did not let a guy with a smelly goat in the stadium
conversation_236  Hello   do you like baseball . Hey I do like baseball  Did you know that managers can actually play baseball  that s why they wear the uniforms  just in case the need arises  then they can play for the team. Yeah I did   thats pretty awesome   Hopefully they dont have to though   most of them are a bit older   Theres like    players on a team though   shouldnt have the need  . No I agree with you  Have you ever played kickball when you were in school  Apparently in Canada  it s not called kickball  it s called soccer baseball LOL. I did  used to love kickball   I feel like kickball is a more appropriate name for it   what does soccer mean . I know right  I definitely think that kickball is the right word  It s the best way to describe it  what would you do if you found millions of dollars of baseball cards in your attic by the way . Wow well pay off my car and cc s   go on a small vacation and put the rest in savings or investments   then continue my life   how about you .Haha I would do something similar  Definitely pay off my student loans and everything  And probably retire LOL  I can t believe that some guy found   million dollars worth of those cards in his grandfather s attic though  What a lucky guy. I know thats amazing   That would be really nice   my relatives dont collect anything cool like that so Im on my own lol . Haha yes that s too bad  mine did not either  Have you ever been to Japan by the way  Apparently baseball is really huge over there. I have a trip planned for next jan to Japan   No I had no idea that baseball was big there   maybe I can catch a game .You should  I ve heard that the crowds are super Rowdy haha  You re not married are you  It s weird that a married couple with scheduling all of the MLB baseball games for about    years. Yes I am happily married   That seems like they put a lot of time into baseball   they must really love it.I think so  You ever watch the World Series by the way  I haven t watched it in a really long time myself. I have watched it a few times   especially if the sf giants are in it . So is that your favorite team  I like the Tigers  and I also like the Yankees LOL oh  did you know that the Women s World Cup soccer had a higher television rating than the World Series  And that was in the United States too  I wonder how that s possible. Haha wow thats crazy   Yes   I love the SF Giants .What do you think about the Chicago Cubs by the way  Apparently after they won in      about   million people were celebrating in the streets.Good for them   I dont think they have won in a long time lol I cant imagine   billion people in the streets though .Nope Chicago must have been really partying that day LOL  Did you know that they were the first team to win back to back World Series s .Been good chatting
conversation_237  Hello  have you heard that one of the chicago cubs have an employed pitcher with   fingers . No  The cubs are one two major teams in chicago .I am guessing the second one is the Atlanta Braves . Yes  The chicago cubs won the      world series  people celebrated in the streets  making largest gatherings  in human history . Well  they were the first team to win straight on the world series til      .The chicago cubs were the first team win back to back  . That is true  However  the Chicago Cubs were somewhat  cursed  .For this only the cubs did not play in a world series again until      .It was right after a refusal towards a man with a smelly goat going into the stadium . Yes  I hear the new  Baseball managers wear uniform because they are technically able to play for their team when need arises .I bet they get as much compensation as the other team players .They are very fanatic for their team should win  You ever played baseball  .I hardly play baseball  I watch the game whenever there is a Giants game coming up .What your Favourite game  . The Giants  Unless  you re talking about sports  My favorite sport is basketball .Kickball is also called soccer baseball in canada . Yes  have you ever played kickball  Physical education teachers let the students play kickball in the states  as well . Yes  baseball is very popular in japan .Do you think that baseball started in Japan or the states .United state national sports is base ball  I know it .I see  Nice to talk to someone who has a good knowledge on baseball 
conversation_238  The Braves seem to have a good start on the season  they are the most rested team. Hi  how are you  I don t really know the Braves  They re a big market team  so I expect them to get marquee players . They have a good team  so there are two points of view  a well reseted team vs a team that comes into season with a lot of practice  which one do you prefer . I would practice  I think skills get rusty  Baseball is a team sport  so they should work together  Other teams will have practiced . I  think practice is better  a well rested team might begin with some troubles  games are neccesary to adapt . Yes  I would want people to practice  They need to prepare for the season  Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises . Ive always wondered about that  do you know if it ever happened in a game . I suppose back in the day one of the players was chosen to be manager  Handled both jobs  Now  not necessary . I see well the game is really popular in Japan  seems like it has a lot of fans over there.The game is very popular  I think that the Japanese have made their own version of it  Uniquely Japanese . They did  wow  they must really like it them did you watch the Wold Series last year .I didn t get the chance to watch a lot of it  I know that the Dodgers lost again . I didnt watch it either  its a game with a lot of tradition almost     years since the first World Series  so     champions.The Cubbies won back to back WS  Then after that  It s like a curse  What should they do . They should get like an exorcism done by all religions lol  it does seem like a curse. The sports is popular here  but not around the world  The women s world cup had higher television ratings than the world series in the united states . It did  guess not only the mens category is popular then  before      the team with the best record would advanced to the WS that has changed now. I think the playoffs are fun  but probably a good way to get more money  The fans don t seem to mind . So the Chicago Cubs and their curse  to think the Cubs and the Braves are the oldest teams in the league. The Braves have moved a lot  I think  Weren t they in another city . Not sure about that  but I think they were yeah  
conversation_239 Do you play or watch baseball . Hey  I ve played  but honestly not a big fan  How about you . I used to follow it really closely  and played in highschool  But they changed the strike zone to be smaller so now the games are less exciting to me because I was a pitcher  .Really  It s interesting  Do you know why baseball is popular in Japan . No i don t actually  but I hear it is popular there  Do you  know why  I m curious . I honestly never heard about it  but read couple minutes ago  I m wondering is it only Japan  but any Asian country as well  . Interesting  do you know if they play a championship game there  And if so  what is it called   . I have no idea  But if so  why US teams don t play aganst Japanese  lol It could the World Cup like in soccer footaball every January   teams from different continents play . I don t know  curious why we call it a world series but the two countries never play each other  .Absolutely  Have you read an article about Chicago Cubs recently . No  I didn t see it  Apparently when they won the      series   million people celebrated  .It also was the first baseball team to win back to back world series  I actually didn t know it .Awesome  They are one of the oldes teams .True  As well as Atlanta Braves  It s wonderful .I didn t know that  The Cubs were cursed in      when they would let Billy Sianis stay in the stadium .It s sounds like a mystery  Just difficult to believe lol.I didn t now they were known as the North Siders  Did you know that . It s also new fact for me  I didn t know  Honestly  I don t have good knowledge in history of  baseball  How about you . Sort of  babe Ruth was caught stealing to end game   of the world series and they lost  . Yes  I know that  but it was long long time ago  Even the Ottoman Empire was still in existence the last time the Chicago Cubds won the World series  It was also long time ago. Yeah  I m not a big fan of Chicago to be honest  But I m happy they won  
conversation_240  Hello  do you like baseball . Hi  I watch a little   How about you .Baseball is my favorite sport  Did you know that managers are technically able to play for their teams .I wonder why they wore those uniforms   I wonder if one has actually ever played .The only one I can think if is Pete Rose who regularly played as manager  Do you have a favorite team . My favorite team is the Atlanta Braves  from the days of Chipper Jones   What s your favorite team . Mine is the Dodgers  I have to admire that team that Atlanta had  their pitching staff was something else . I hear in Japan  baseball is so popular that some Japanese people are shocked to find out that its America s national pastime .So I ve heard  Do you think that Japan should ever be allowed to compete for the world championship . Sure  why not   They have some pretty good players  actually  .They do  I have always been a little upset because the US always considers their sports teams as world champs but yet don t have to prove it . That s so true  Hey  did you hear about the man that found all those old baseball cards in his grandfather s attic .Yeah that was quite a find  I had no idea that baseball cards were so valuable .Me either   Did you watch the World Series . I did watch the world series  and as you can imagine I was once again disappointed in the Dodgers  Did you know that in      the US marines carried the canadian flag upside down .I can believe it   lol Which way does that leaf go anyway .To tell you the truth I would have to look it up  But what an embarrassment . I know right  I think I would have googled it   before walking out .Me too  I feel sorry for the Marine who was carrying it  I m sure things didn t go well for him . He probably had to scrub the latrine with his toothbrush   Oh well  now he knows  I bet he won t forget it  Did you hear about the curse of the goat . No  what is the curse of the goat . Apparently  the Cubs were cursed  after security would not let a man bring his goat into the stadium in        He cursed the team and they did not play in a World Series again until      . Wow  Remind me to be nice to goats  Thanks for the interesting chat  and have a nice day 
conversation_241 Are you a baseball fan  ive never really enjoyed watching on tv don t have the patience for it . I prefer football but my granddaughter likes to watch baseball games on tv   So  I watch with her .That s cool  Apparently it s so popular in Japan that there surprised it s our  Americas  past time . Yes  I heard about that   Apparently baseball managers wear uniforms in case they have to play to replace players .I wonder if that s ever happened before  Did you know that baseball use to be referred to as the Fall classics . I will research about it later   No  I did not know that  the fall classics  .Because in north america it is played during the fall season .I see   Thank you for the information   A married couple used to schedule all      major league baseball games played each year for    years .That must of been pretty cool for them to do together  so the baseball season is how many games  do you know .      games  I think   I might be wrong . That s a lot of games  no wonder pitcher arms get burned out  Just to refresh my memory a run is scored when a player legally crosses the bases  right .A run is scored when a runner legally advances around the bases and touches home plate . Right  and the team that scores the most points wins  Why is the word legally used can you get bases illegally  . I don t know why the specifically use the word  legally     .Now there is a such thing as stealing a base right  Some one told me that the ottoman empire was still in existence win the cubs won the world series . My granddaughter knows much more about baseball   I think you are right  there is such a thing as stealing a base  Babe Ruth was caught doing it to end game   and lose the      World Series .Wow that had to hurt  I heard that the Chicago cubs were the first team to win back to back super bowls and haven t won since . I think what you meant was World Series since Super bowl is for football games   Yes  you are right about Chicago Cubs winning back to back .Oh right thank you for the correction  Did you know that the women s cup had more tv rating that the world series . Yes  I heard about it   Isn t it amazing . It is  good for them  After the Cubs won the world series in      over   million people celebrated in the streets  . Yes  apparently it was one of the largest gathering in human history   I ve got to run   It was nice chatting with you   Have a great day 
conversation_242 Do you follow basebal  The Nationals traded Daneil Murphy and Matt Adams.Yes I do  I didn t know that  Who s your favorite team . I m a Yankees fan  I never knew Babe Ruth was caught stealing home in the      World Serires. It s surprising  you don t hear many bad things about Babe Ruth  I like the Dodgers therefore I am anti yankee .They had a great rivalry when both were in NY  It s crazy Babe Ruth would ever try to steal a base considering how big he was.I wonder how many stolen bases he had in his career  Maybe he thought he could just run the catcher over .That would be an interesting fact to know  It s pretty crazy the Ottoman Empire was still around when the Cubs won back to back World Series.Yes the Cubs have suffered from the curse of the goat .Who knew a man with a goat could wield such great power.Remind me not to make an enemy of anyone carrying a goat  I wonder if that s where the saying being a goat came from  Like Ruth was the goat after losing that game . I don tknow  maybe  Billy Sianis goat did stink.Probably so  Did you know the Cubs and Braves started playing the same year as the battle of the little bighorn . That is pretty crazy  I wonder if any of the people from the Battle of Little Bighorn ever saw a Cubs game. I don t know  How do you feel about people today complaining about teams that are named after Native Americans  like the Braves . Depends on how respectful it s done  the Braves don t have a bad logo but the Indians logo is pretty messed up. The native americans don t seem to have a problem with it  It s just other people  strange . I wonder if there are any baseball controversies in Japan  baseball is really popular there. Yes it is  and they have some pretty good players  I wonder if they will ever be allowed to play for the world series . Maybe one day  but for now it s just between the AL and NL champions. True  but we Americans have a habit of declaring ourselves world champs in almost all the sports  Just doesn t seem right . Well I got to go  nice chatting with you
conversation_243 hey there do you like baseball  Its the game that uses a ball and a bat. I do   And then they run around the bases  if they are lucky enough to hit said ball . Yeah that is true  It s crazy that baseball managers can actually join in the game  that s why they wear uniforms. Yes  if they need to play for their teams  I dont know why that would happen  but it might be fun to watch .Yeah that could be cool  It s also cool that a man found millions of dollars worth of old baseball cards in his attic haha his grandfather and put them there and I guess forgotten about them . Maybe  I should start checking my attic and see what treasures are stored up there   I might have an early retirement   . Haha yes I hope so  You know what is weird though  Have you ever played the game kickball  apparently it s called soccer baseball in Canada for some reason. I guess it is a pretty accurate name too  however I much prefer kickball .Uranium kickball sounds a lot better haha  What do you think about the Japanese  Apparently they are shocked to learn that baseball is actually America s pastime and was not invented in Japan. It is surprising  I bet they wonder why they are not invited to the world series either .Haha yes I bet  I think it s interesting that the Women s World Cup higher television ratings than the World Series  I don t like soccer myself .I would actually say I am a bigger soccer fan than Baseball   Especially when it comes to world cups . Yeah I don t really like either game haha  It is crazy though that the World Series actually started back in       so I do respect its long history .The cubs won the first back to back series and then didnt win again until        That is a long time . Yeah that is a long time  and apparently the Ottoman Empire was still a thing back when they first one at haha. Wow  I guess I hadnt realized they had overlapped   Did you hear about how they were  cursed .yes I heard about that  Its great that they finally broke the curse and   million people were celebrating in the streets .Supposedly it was one of the largest gatherings in Human history . ya you re right  I do like that they have employed handicapped players  they have had pitchers with     and   fingers  . That is really cool   I remember Jim Abbott  the one armed player   I wonder who he played for . I m not sure I havne t heard of him  but ya I also like the cubs because they  along with the braves  are the oldest MLB teams  great chat btw 
conversation_244 Hi there   Looking forward to chat with You     .Thanks  Do you follow baseball   Did you know that managers can actually play for their team if needed so that is why they suit up . I heard something like that  but I wonder how often was that actually implemented in the game  Did You ever see something like that  .I never saw that   But I ve played kickball   Did you know that kickball is also called soccer baseball in Canada .soccer baseball    that s a first    is even kick ball popular in Canada   Do You know  .I don t know for sure   But baseball is really popular in Japan and fans are surprised to discover its status as America s national pastime.In Japan   Are You sure   I didn t know Japan played baseball  Did you  .Yes  They play well at the Little League World Series   Did you know that Babe Ruth was caught stealing to end game   and lose the     world series with his team only down by one run. yeah  Mr  Ruth was quite a legend    have You watched games with him   Pretty exciting thing to see   . I ve seen movies   In the      World Series  the U S  Marine corps color guard carried the canada flag into the stadium upside down.wow    that was the last time he did that probably    I hope it was not intentional      .The Chicago Cubs were the first baseball team to win back to back world series and haven t won since. wow  this must suck for them and their managers    such high expectations every year probably and then bum    back to square one   . The Cubs have had pitchers with a varying number of fingers including     and     Do you know any of those pitchers . sorry I don t  do you  . No not sure  but one team had a one handed pitched who did an amazing job named Jim Abbott.not bad    I m sure that one hand was insured for a lot of money   .The Braves hadn t been in the playoffs for a while but made it this year . Good for them  were You cheering for them  .No way   How about you . Naah  me neither    I don t care much for that sport   sorry  I m from Europe  we have different interests I guess    . Nice talking   If you find old major league baseball cards  they could be worth millions   A man found   million dollars worth in his grandpa s attic.I ll start looking right now    thank You for the chat.Have a good day 
conversation_245 When I was a kid I used to always collect baseball cards  I heard a man found   million dollars worth of     s baseball cards in his grandfathers attic  Have you ever collected baseball cards . That s cool   Sadly  bo I never collected baseball cards   What about you . I love baseball so yes  but none are worth any crazy money  Do you watch baseball at all . Yes  I do watch some games   I read somewhere that managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams  if the need arises   How wild is that . Yeah baseball does have some weird rules  I think its because the sport is so old  My dads favorite team is the cups and they started in       They also had one of the longest droughts ever      years  What is your favorite team . My favorite team is the Atlanta Braves and they have been around as long as the Cubs  too   Both were founded the same year as the Little Bighorn battle   Wow .Both those teams have so much fans  My dad said when the Cubs won in      over   million people celebrated in the streets  Have you heard of the cubs curse . Yeah  it s pretty funny actually  It started in      when stadium security wouldn t let a man named Billy Sianis stay in the stadium with his smelly pet goat  .The best part about baseball is watching the world series  I remember when the red sox came back and beat the Yankees down      Its crazy how its been going on since       I wonder how many people actually watch it still . I think it s still pretty popular   You know in Japan is so popular  many fans are surprised to discover its status as America s national pastime .I dunno because my friend told me that the women s world cup had higher television ratings than the world series . Worldwide I think Soccer rules   But  baseball is still pretty popular  too   I read somewhere that kickball is called soccer baseball in Canada   That s kind of strange .Speaking of strange I heard that the cubs have employed a pitcher with   fingers  I do not know why my dad likes that team. Yeah  they have had pitchers with      and   fingers on their pitching hand  Uncommon  but totally true .Another weird thing about the cubs is the last time they won the ottoman empire was still going  Do you really think they were cursed . I don t know about cursed  probably just bad luck on their part   . They started out so good  they were the first team to win back to back  seems kinda weird maybe baseball is fixed . I ve said that before  myself   Did you know the great Babe Ruth was caught stealing to end game   and lose the      World Series with his team down by one run . People do not care even if it is fixed  they still wanna watch it  in      a couple scheduled      games . Yeah  I heard that they did that for    years   They must be very organized to keep all those schedules straight . Baseball is a fun sport  I like seeing it in person live  Have you ever seen baseball in person . Yes  I have seen many baseball games in my lifetime   I still love it just as much as I did when I was a kid  playing   Well  it s been nice chatting with you  I need to get to work   I ll talk to you later  friend 
conversation_246  The Braves sure are a pupular team  they seem to be well rested for the playoffs.Is that good or bad   They have had no real good teams to play against . I think its a bad thing  practice is everything and not playing enough games can result in lack of chemistry. Thursday at      am eastern time  the Braves play their first playoff game since        Many new players going to playoffs for first time .They have many young players so its going to be a great experience for them hope that they can make it. As long as they do not forget that runners advance counter clock wise around four bases to score a run  they will be fine . Yeah I think they have a great team so as long as they remember the rules everything is going to be ok  the manager can always step in and play with them.I guess thats why the manager dresses like a player   Is there really a rule that catching a ball in a players hat gives the other team three bases . I dont know I haven t seen that  then again I dont watch many of the games  baseball is really popular in Japan so maybe they know if its true over there.Baseball came from Japan   Makes sense   The pitcher throws a ball which the opposing team tries to hit with a bat .Oh so the game originated in Japan  baseball card collectors can have a hidden fortune and people wouldnt know.The team that scores the most runs by the end of the game is the winner   But when do the teams trade cards   Seems hard to advance around bases and hand out cards . I dont think they trade cards  well maybe many of them do  a man found   million dollars worth of cards in his basements  some can cost a lot. Are baseballs worth anything   There are         baseballs used in a major league season   . I guess they are  specially important baseballs from decisive home runs or such  . I see   Interesting   So  for the Simpsons home town of Springfield it is not known what state they are in   But the Simpsons minor league baseball team is the Isotopes  See what I am getting at . Yeah I can follow   the Isotopes were pretty bad in the Simpsons  I guess reality is not different lol .That means that the Simpsons are in New Mexico   You knew that all this time   Impressive   Ronald Reagan was a radio broadcaster for the Chicago Cubs in the      s . He was  that would be interesting to hear lol their stadium got cursed back in     .Reagan must have had an interesting life  The Chicago Cubs used to be the Chicago Orphans   Weird   What happens in      . The team got cursed back in       a man named Billy Sianis wasnt allowed in and he cursed the team  The curse worked   
conversation_247 do you like the piano . I love it  is such a classic instrument  and you .Me too  BBC once played piano tunes all day instead of the news.Yeah because there was no newsworthy news that day.Yeah  Did you know Mercury and McCartney used the same piano to compose their songs . Yes Bohemian Rhapsody and Hey Jude  respectively.Yeah  Have you heard of circus gallop .Yes that is the stress testing tune for pianos right . Yes that one but no human can play it  strange.Yes I know  THere is a piano on top of the tallest mountain in the UK.Yeah and no one still knows how it got there. Yeah strange for sure  The instrument goes back to      though  pretty old.Nice  Do you shop online at all . Yes all the time  I like Amazon and you .Me too  Did you know jeff built a clock on a mountain .Yeah and it is supposed to run for        years.Yeah  And they named a building after their first customer.Yeah and he spent less than    .Yeah  Did you know their workers walk up to    miles a day .Yeah I guess they are super busy after all  Did you know they own IMDB.Yeah they seem to be everywhere now really. Indeed  they have become a true giant
conversation_248 Hey there  Happy Friday  Are you a baseball fan at all . I watch a little  You .I love baseball  I m a Yankee fan  Do you root for a team .I live near Oakland so its the A s for me.Have you ever seen the movie Moneyball .I saw it a long time ago.Ah I see  It was about Billie Bean managing the A s .Yes   Do you know how many baseballs are used in a season . I have no idea  I assume a ton  They lose a lot for home runs  foul balls  and then you just see them switch out balls occasionally .         i understand .Wow  Have you ever caught a ball at a game .No but we had someone who worked there that we know give us one haha .I don t think I ever have  Do you remember people going nuts for Barry Bonds homerun balls . Yeah  people dove into McCovey Cove to get them  Did you know SF radio stations threw shade at Kansas City .Against the Royals  How come .They banned the song royals by lorde lol.Haha really  Did they play in the World Series one year  That must be it .Yes the world series has been contested     times.That s crazy but to be far the World Series was even around when the Ottoman Empire still existed.Yeah just since     .Hey it was great chatting with you  Have a great weekend .you too 
conversation_249 Hey  Do you like baseball .I do   I love watching the Chicago Cubs in the NL .It was so awesome to see them finally win the World Series in      .Yes that was so exciting     Especially after a     year drought . Totally  They were the first team to ever win back to back World Series  then nothing .Yes I do love Wrigley field where they play   its within the city. Did you know they evidently didn t win for so long because they were  cursed  by a man named Billy because Wrigley Field security would let him stay there with his pet goat .Yes   who takes a goat to a baseball game   But   million people celebrated in the streets after they finally won . I would have  too  For one of the oldest teams in the major league  What a day .Yes   The Cubs and Atlanta are the two oldest teams   founded the same year as the battle of little bighourn .It s so weird to think that the Cubs is only one of the two baseball teams in Chicago . Yes that is pretty funny   They have always been unique   they have had pitchers with       and   fingers .That s pretty neat  Can you believe the Ottoman empire was still in existence when the Cubs first won the World Series .Wow that was a long time ago    They have appeared in    world series total   apparently they were a lot better a hundred years ago . I love watching the World Series  though the Women s World Cup had higher ratings .Yes the World Series is great fun to watch   The Fall Classic is always exciting   I am not sure if I like it better with the playoffs than how it used to be with just the best record which went . Baseball is so popular in Japan  they are always surprised to hear it is America s National pasttime .Yes   I think its funny the reason that baseball managers wear a uniform is that they are actually allowed to play . Wow  I wonder if the same is true for the Kickball managers  or soccer baseball in Canada .I never realized that there was a couple who scheduled all of the major league games every year   all the way up until      . Wow  that s gotta be over      games .I wish my parents had collected baseball cards   One lucky guy found   million dollars worth of cards of his grandfathers .That s so cool 
conversation_250  Hi  how are you .Good  Do you like baseball .I do like it  Do you . Yes there are interesting facts about baseball  like the number of balls used in a season           . Wow  that s a lot  The Nationals missed the playoffs last year too . I looks it was a difficult season for them  they did score but against one of the teams in the bottom  the Marlins.They had a really great lineup that really underpreformed  It was a shame they couldnt perform under their new manager . that is tough  they were basically depending on other teams to collapse  the braves and the Phillies.The Braves over performed and the phillies did too  It would be tough to win that division with those two ahead of you . Talking about the world series  i found it funny that in      a great song was banned by   san francisco radio stations  do you know why . I do not know  why . it was the series between SF giants and new orleans Royals  so they banned Royals by Lorde  i think that is a great song.HA  That s funny  Like watching babe ruth trying to steal a bag   .How is that  Tell me about it .Babe Ruth was a large man  He was not the fleetest of foot  He was caught stealing to end game   of the      world series . that is funny   talking about babe ruth there was a pitcher  a female one banned when she struck out Babe ruth and Lou ghering   kind of unfair  .yeah  THat s sexism  Seems like something they would do in the   s and   s though   . That is true  i think she did something incredible  And about women I was surprised to learn that the world series had a lower rating compared to womens  world cup.The braves and the cubs are the oldest two teams in MLB  That s crazy . that is true  founding members in      with a different name.Wow  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_251  Hi  how are you doing tonight .Pretty well and you  Do you watch baseball .I have watched baseball from time to time  You .Yes me too sometimes  Do you know why managers wear uniforms during the game .I think they can rush on the field at a moment s notice to play a position  Highly unlikely though . Yeah  interesting and good for them just in case  Do you know what kickball is called in Canada .I dunno  Canadian kickball .It is actually called soccer baseball.That makes sense  Canadians would find the middle of the road term for the sport  What about the man who found three million dollars worth of     s baseball cards in his grandfathers attic  That s pretty cool . That is for sure  he made a lot of money there  DO you know who used to do the schedule for the major baseball league games .I figured the schedule would be done by computer  Who does it .It was a couple who did it for    years straight.Wow  That must have been a pretty sweet job  I wonder how much it paid .Yeah that is a sweet gig for sure  They scheduled      games a year. That is a lot of games  but maybe year to year it doesn t vary so much  Get it right once and the following years are straightforward .True  In Japan baseball is so popular that they cannot believe it is a pastime in the US.I think the Japanese are not aware of many things outside of their country  Until a Japanese person does something important outside of Japan .I guess  Did you know the CUbs were the first team to win back to back world series .The Cubs  How ironic  They struggled for so long to get a Series . Yeah  and they have not won ever since. That is a curse if I ve ever heard of one  Well  someone needs to hire a gypsy woman to lift the curse .I guess  Nice chat
conversation_252 hi how are you  do you like game of thrones .I do like Game of Thrones   Do you know any interesting facts about it .Um this is the final season  i think it starts next month  i cant wait . Me too   I can t believe it s already been   seasons since it first premiered on HBO on April         . Yeah  the show has a tremendous following and could go on forever  but i think it is better to draw things to a close  especially because of the author .Yes   Did you know that Harry Lloyd is the great great great grandson of Charles Dickens .Harry Lloyd  who is that   i have heard of Charles Dickens  he wrote oliver twist .Yes   Harry Lloyd plays Visery Targaryen on GOT . Oh  ok  i am bad with names  i usually remember the names of the pretty women  LOL.LOL  Here s another one   Charlie Chapins granddaughter plays Talisa Maegyr on Game of Thrones .Whoa  i guess famous people have famous descendants  I guess i am screwed here  LOL Who is your favorite GoT character .I would have to say Khal Drogo   Arya is the fastest rising baby name given to girls in the US   most likely due to Game of Thrones . That guy is amazing  He played aquaman too  Arya is a good name  short  easy to spell  .Yes   GOT gets financed by Ireland because they film scenes there which boosts tourism incomes   That makes sense .I bet it is the same as LOTR and New Zealand  the locals might get tired of tourists though .Maybe   I myself would love it  lol  There is a National Geogrpahic wild show called Game of Lions that follows the lives of lions like GOT characters   lol. Hm  well  i guess that GoT is a cultural phenomenon  Game of Lions sounds a bit flat though.Yes   Do you like horses at all . Yes  I do like horses  but I have never ridden one  they are majestic but expensive animals  Anyway  great chat .Did you know that Clint Eastwood had a mid life allergy to horses   It was a good chat .That is too bad for clint  he loves horses  Great chat  have a good night .Thanks   Hope you have a good night too 
conversation_253 Hey there  Do you lie Pixar films  I just finished watching Up .Yeah I love Pixar films  Up is a good one  I think it s cool that Pixar studio has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities . Yeah for sure  I just heard about that room a few days ago  Speaking of Disney  do you like the movie Aladdin .Yeah Aladdin is one of my favorites and I am looking forward to the remake  I really enjoyed Robin Williams in the original .Me too  I miss him making films  I guess he started the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films  What a legend . Very much a legend  Rest in peace Robin  Celebrities make so much money  For example judge Judy makes          per episode . That s crazy  I don t even watch Judge Judy  Celebs make too much  I think .Yeah I think we should put our priorities in different things not just celebrities  But some celebrities do good like that celebrity TV chef in Ethiopia who is trying to combat his countries hunger problem .That s super interesting  Its crazy to think how much celebrities and pop culture influences our lives  There s this show called Game of Thrones that everyone is talking about .Oh yeah I love that show  I am so excited for the finale  There is even a National Geographic show that is like Game of Thrones except with lions .I ve never watched the show  What is it about .It is very complicated but it is set long ago on the fictional continents of Westeros and Essos  It is all about attaining power essentially . That sounds like something I might want to watch in the future  I ve been thinking about naming my future child Arya  Apparently  that s a character in the show  I guess it s the fastest rising baby name .Yeah that is a really cool name  That show has done a lot  Ireland actually pays the series so that the film scenes boost tourism for Ireland . Interesting  I ve always wanted to see Ireland  I guess there are a lot of horses there  and I am interested in seeing them .Yes and it is also very green and beautiful  You would definitely like the Show Game of Thrones because there are a lot of horses in the show .I ll have to check it out sometime  Are you interested in horses as well .Yeah I have rode horses quite a bit  They are very unique and loving animals  However I never rode a horse to school like those two high school students who got suspended that one time . I have heard about that  Did you know that Clint Eastwood is allergic to horses  even though he has been on horseback for many of his movies .That must ve made work a bit harder  Have you ever ridden a horse with a fifth speed like the Icelandic horses have  It is called Tolt . I have not  I ve ridden Lipizzaner horses  though  They re known for their classical dressage performances .Very cool  Apparently they are born black or brown and take about six years to turn completely white  It was nice chatting with you see you later 
conversation_254 I saw an article that says pixar studio has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities. That s funny  considering the number of stars in their films  following in Robin Williams footsteps .Robin Williams in aladdin was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films. Yes  I wonder if Judge Judy who makes         per episode might do one .thats funny  I just saw that Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on the childrens series sesame street.That is quite a bit different than American fantasy drama series Game of Thrones .ethiopia has a celebrity tv chef who believes he can combat his country s hunger problems by encouraging everyone to eat more diverse foods. Perhaps he could join the cast of Game of Thrones  since they film in Croatia  Malta and all over the world .I just saw that Charlie Chaplins granddaughter plays talisa maegry in game of thrones. Interesting      Harry Lloyd is also a famous descendant  the great great great grandson of charles dickens .some famous people   did you know that there is a Nat Geo wild show called games of lions that follows the lives of lions like the game of thrones characters.Wow      I wonder if Ireland helps finance that like they do the actual show .Good question   I saw that Arya is the fastest rising new baby name given to girls in the US most likely due to game of thrones. People like celebrities  real and fictional   almost as much as horses or Equus Ferus . Icelandic horses have a fifth speed  tolt  that is basically speedwalking for a horse.I wonder when that started in the    to    million evolution of the species .not sure about that   Humans began domesticating horses around      bc. Interesting  so the entire process of getting them used to humans took      years or so .it says that domestication is believed to have been widespread by      BC. Interesting  although there are still some wild horses in nature .I read that Dalmations are associated with firefighters because they would calm and protect the horses .Wow      I hope there are no fires in this area       Nice to chat with you 
conversation_255 do you know much about celebrities .I know that Pixar has a room just for celebrities .Yeah heard of that but it sounds a bit unfair though.I agree  DId you know Robin Williams was the voice of Aladdin .Yes and that is how that trend of celebrities doing voice started.Yeah  Do you know who is the highest paid celebrity . Yes that would be  believe it or not  LeBron James.Yes he makes more than Judge Judy and she makes          per episode.Yes that is a lot   DO you know how a chef in Ethiopia plans to combat hunger .Yes he thiks that we should just eat more diverse foods.I wonder how that would worl  DO you know who Carol Burnett is .Yes the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street  DO you watch Game of Thrones .Yes I do  Did you know the great great great grandson of Charles Dickens plays in it .Yeah that is Harry Lloyd who plays Viserys.Yeah and also Chaplin s granddaughter plays in it as well.Yes that is the actress that plays Talisa Maegyr in the show.Yeah  Arya seems to become a very popular name for babies now.Yes and it is all because of the use of the name in the show.Yeah  Have you heard of the show Game of LIons on Nat Geo . Yeah it involves lions instead of actors  so cool  Nice chat.Same here
conversation_256  Hi  do you like Disney .I actually really enjoy disney   How about you .When I was a kid   In the    s hey recycled frames.walt disney . Yes  they are one of Hollywoods big Six.Did you know frozen was the first animated disney film directed by a woman. Oh wow  that is neat   I loved that movie   I bet the toys came out before the movie . i think toys always come out before the movie   they gotta get the children hooked first lol The kids will drive the parents crazy until parents buy the toys lol. Funny  I would want to see the movie then choose   Have you seen the Lion King . Yes what a great movie   they have a lot of good songs as well.It was dubbed in Zulu for release in Africa   that good . Oh nice   way to cater to the locals   .I wonder if they had a new respect for Lions being in Africa haha.I cant believe that the development of the film wreck it ralph started in the    s.Hard to believe Disney only took its curent name in     .Yeah thats weird .Pixar and Walt disney Studios are under the Big Six. Oh I see   what is the Big six .It is just Hollywoods biggest   studios .Gotcha   That makes sense that they are under that them. Alright  have a good night   Good Chat . Great chat  night 
conversation_257 Hi how are you today  Are you registered to vote . I am  how about you .Yes I am too  Did you know that Not all men in the uk had the right to vote until      .I didn t know that but I do know that  this country still engages is voter suppression  not much has changed over the years with the GOP.Here is a crazy fact      of the black male population in alabama has permanently lost the right to vote .Yeah because they are all convicted felons  time to change that law for sure.Yes lol How about we change the subject  Do you like disney movies  I love them .I do   I watch them with the kids  Which is your favorite .I cant say  I like more than   the most  What about you .I love Lion King  I try to watch it once a year with the family.Aww yes I guess if I had to pick it would be Snow White  Theres karma in a cartoon  lol.Did you ever see Frozen .Absolutely   I have to small nieces and I can sing all the songs just like them   Hey do u think you will vote in the next election .I am going to let the GOP know I am not happy one bit and vote on the other side of the aisle.Yep  Its crazy but since       The last time a republican was elected president without a nixon or bush on the ticket was     .I don t like the head of the party   lol.Is that true . Absolutely  I don t agree with the job Trump is doing .Very true  It has been good talking to ya .same to you.Merry Christmas also Bye
conversation_258  I hear there was a hope monger gathering that drew          ppl to it  .Thats a lot of people  Surprised I haven t heard of it.Wow did you know that Astronauts can vote from space .That is so cool  Not all men in the uk had the vote until      .Every US president with a beard has been a republican .Thats funny  It should be mandatory to have a beard if youre a president  Ha.Right  The use of red and blue for Dems and Repu only started in       I would have thought it was longer .Right  I thought it would have been more than    years .The toy industry gets involved before the beginning of the production of a movie according to disney .And the development of the Disney film wreck it ralph started in the late    s .Wow spanning nearly   decades with four working titles .Just remarkable  I cant believe Frozen was the first animated Disney film directed by a woman .I know and that cartoon practically took over my life .Impressive  Frozen was a very good movie in my opinion .I think so to but you know the kids  it was a running dialogue at my house for what seemed like forever .Thats hilarious  Did you watch pirates of the Caribbean .I did all of them  which was your favorite .I liked the first one  Did you know those movies earned over    billion in worldwide box office gross .Wow i did not know that  Johnny depth is an amazing actor . Agreed  which one did you like the best .I think   was my favorite though i liked them all        were the best for me  Kinda went down hill after that . I agree  I only really remember watching the first one .Disney owes Marvel so they during just fine as far as finances go  You ever see Lion King .Yes  It was the first Disney film to be dubbed into Zulu for its African release . That s right  well nice chatting with you  
conversation_259 Hi do you watch baseball .Hey there I like it  and watch it a lot and you .Yeah me too  Do you know why managers wear uniforms . Not sure of that  why  I did not know they wear them in the first place.Yeah they wear them because they are allowed to play if it need be.Oh that is neat  Do you know who the Albuquerque Isotopes are named after . Hmm I do not know that  who  Do you know what kickball is called in Canada .Not sure of that but the team was named after a team in the SImpsons.Haha that is awesome  In Canada it is called soccer baseball.Hmm interesting  DO you know how many balls are used during a MLB season .Hmm I have no idea but likely it is a lot as there are a lot of games played  How many . Well you are right it is a lot  about        .Wow amazing  Do you know who did the MLB scheduling for    years . Hmmm I do not actually  who  Do you know the cubs  the team .It was a couple and they schedule      games a yeah  Yeah I know the Cubs.WOw that is a lot  Well the Cubs won back to back championships and then nothing for a while.WOw I wonder what happened there  IN Japan the sport is so popular that they don t believe it is just a pastime in the US.WOw nice  Do you know the song Royal by Lorde . Yeah I do  is it somehow related to baseball or the games .Yeah two radio stations banned it during a game between the Giants and ROyals. Haha that makes so much sense  staying neutral
conversation_260 Did you know Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams . i did not knwo that actually  has that ever needed to happen . I m not sure  but it would be interesting if it did  . that would be  do you collect baseball cards at all . I used to  how about you  It was incredibly popular when I was younger  . I never did  but someone once found   million dollars worth of cards in his grandfathers attic  what a come up .WOW  Did you know Bestbuy and Target will price match Amazon . no i did not  but amazon is usually very competitive  so that is impressive . Yeah  it is  Target apparently doesn t carry tobacco products  . that is good  in my state no grocery store can sell alcohol. Wow  not surprising  Maryland used to have a law like that  . I am around that area  so that makes a lot of sense  Vermont is the only state without a target believe it or not .Interesting  Why is that  I m  curious . i am not sure  it is interesting  you would expect it to be Alaska or another low population state. Yeah  that is interesting  Did you know Kickball is also called Soccer Baseball in Canada  . no  but I suppose the name does make sense  I like baseball though  it is americas pastime . Yeah  it is a good sport  It is also really popular in Japan  .I heard they are usually surprised how popular it is in America too . Yeah  they don t know it is our national pastime  . I guess that surprises even me  football seems to be more popular from my anecdotal viewpoint. Yeah  very true  The chicago cubs were the first team to win back to back world series  Pretty amazing  
conversation_261 hey there what do you think of the game of baseball .Baseball is ok  I remember hearing my older relatives calling the World Series the Fall Classic  It sounds very retro . haha that is retro  I never knew that baseball managers could start playing if they wanted to  and thats why they wear uniforms. Yes I just recently learned that  too  and thought it was very interesting  It might be like an embarrassment to the team to have to bring in a manager like that  though  What do you think . haha ya I would think so  can you believe that baseball is super popular in Japan  I had no idea. Yea  when I worked for Target a few years ago I remember they d have Japanese baseball on in the break room along with other TV s with American Sports . ah that is interesting  I wish I was like the guy who found millions of dollars of baseball cards in his attic  now that would be a surprise. As long as I m not like the guy found in a beer cooler behind a concession stand at a baseball stadium  He was found just before a braves game  too . ya I heard about that that was crazy  did you ever play kickball as a kid  I guess it s called soccer baseball in canada. Canadians do have some different ways about them  Soccer baseball does sound hilarious  So does poutine  though . haha well I do like poutine  but I think that yes soccer baseball sounds incredibly dumb haha.I wonder if they have poutine at American baseball games  I heard they started a poutine restaurant in California . wow that sounds delicious right now  do you ever shop at Target btw . I like Target better than Walmart  although I don t know about the corporations as a whole and how they do business  I hear more about Walmart being unfair   don t really ever hear that about Target but who knows  I guess   . ya I don t really know  I do go to target and apparently Vermont is the only state that doesn t have a Target in it. That s very interesting  I wonder why Target isn t in Vermont  yet  Also  I wonder if Walmart is in Vermont  now  Maybe they have Bi Mart   although it s not very upscale for Vermont .haha that d be funny to see  what is screwy is a state senator actually works at target in order to make enough money to get by.I heard recently that eighty percent of the supplements sold in places like Target contain NONE of the advertised herbs in them  We really need a better rules system . wow ya I agree  that s really messed up  at least Target doesn t carry tobacco products that is good.Very true  I wasn t aware until recently that Target was originally named Good fellow Dry Goods  Now THAT is retro  hahah.haha definitely an improvement  pretty crazy that it has been around since      and was founded in Minneapolis 
conversation_262 hi how are you  do you like to dance .I like to watch dancing performances   I do not dance   I wish I could .I do not dance either  i am terrible  i might hurt people in the vicinity  i would hurt their feelings .Do you know who Bruce Lee was .I do  he was a great martial artist that wowed american audiences with his prowess .He was also a great dancer   He won the Hong Kong cha cha championship in      .I guess he had a tremendous sense of rhythm too  I would love to see footage of him dancing . It was before youtube   Probably  you cannot find it online . Yeah  that is too bad  he was probably a real ladies man too  Tupac was also a great dancer .A ballet dancer   He was the mouse king in his high school production of the Nutcracker .I would love to see video of that too  he was a backup dancer for digital underground too . That was interesting   If I were not self conscious  I might be able to dance just like what babies do when they hear music .I probably could not dance as a baby even  It feels like work to me .I understand   Do you know that professional ballet dancers can go through four pairs of pointe shoes in a week . If i did it  it would be a dozen pairs  or forty  LOL i would probably bust the floor too . Talking about babies earlier  apparently  babies will dance spontaneously when they hear music and smile more when they hit the beat . Yeah  i believe it  I wonder if i was like that  i think i wasnt  .Perhaps you can ask your parents . I guess i could  Anyway  great chat .It was nice chatting with you too .Have a good weekend . Perhaps I will learn how to dance this weekend at the community center   If babies can dance  I think I can too   Good night and have a good weekend to you too 
conversation_263  How s it going  have you seen the      release of Black Panther . No I haven t but I understand there is some parallel being drawn between it and  The Wiz . I m not to familiar with the Wiz  is that based on the Wizard of Oz . Yes  it has much different music  e g   funk and disco    The movie had Michael Jackson   It doesn t have the song  Be a Lion  . I ve heard the Wiz as being described as weird  from the description I tend to agree. It is kind of weird    The music and the dancing are at the core   You might remember the song  Ease on Down the Road  . Maybe but not that I think of it the normal Wizard of Oz is weird  like really weird so I guess the Wiz should be weird too. There is a big cultural difference between the two  like a farm in KS vs  Detroit   Funny  it is at the Ford Theater in D C   . Ford Theater  isn t that were Lincoln was assassinated .Yep   I didn t realize it was still a theater   I would have imagined it as a museum   The tickets are         . I guess         for tickets isn t a bad price  if the Wiz is performed near me maybe I ll check it out.I may see the Black Panther   I guess he is the richest of all superheros with     B   Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne aren t even close . Nope  I hear Chadwick Boseman did a great job as T Challa  he was great in Civil War.I don t even remember it being a comic book   I wonder if people confused it with the radical civil rights group under the same name .I used to think Black Panther was named after the group but I guess the comic came out before the group. Interesting   Now I m wondering it the civil rights group got their name from the comic   They changed the name to  Black Leopard     doesn t sound as cool . Nope  black leopard sounds kinda lame.I didn t realize Siri was intended for Android until Apple bought it inn      . Me neither  I personally find Siri creepy  especially when it sings the same song as hal     .Yikes   Hal creeps me out   It s like picturing Tupac as a ballet dancer   I guess he did that in high school  I can t see that   . Well I got to go  nice chatting with you
conversation_264  Did you ever think about how celebrities in science are rarer than in music  film  sport  and politics .No I never thought of that   Were you a fan of Stephen Hawking .I think that it was amazing how he was almost completely paralyzed and could accomplish so much . Yes  I agree  he was brilliant as well   He was the ultimate example of mind over matter  . He was one of the first people to apply quantum physics to black holes and make predictions  with a process named after him as  Hawking radiation .Yeah his understanding and explaining of quantum physics and other matter is incredible . I don t really understand what he understood because it seems so foreign to me  but he also had a lot of wit as well to share with the world . Yeah I am the same  it is very complex stuff  There are scientists who theorize that universes evolve through natural selection like species do here  .Hawking was very active up until the end of life even travelling and lecturing internationally   I have to give credit as well to his supporters.Yeah I agree with you there   I guess there is a radical theory that there is only one electron in the universe  I m sure Hawking would have disagreed . Probably   Also  there is a region of space maybe pulling galaxies outside the observable universe   There must be so much out there . Wow  yeah it is wild to think about the universe as a whole in general  .Strange but there are some stars that are cold enough that they can be touched by a human hand. That is a strange fact  very cool   Did you know that Kim jong un has a degree in physics . Not sure who that is  but I wonder if Hawkings would validate the tidbit that the universe could have come from nothing without violating physics .I m not sure that is an interesting thought and he is the leader of North Korea .Oh wow   Robin Williams in aladdin was the first actor to start the trend of celebrity voicings of animated film characters .I didn t know that   I guess Pixas spent   years studying the physics of curly hair in order to get merida s hair in brave right . People don t realize how much time is spent on these details   Judge Judy makes a heap of money at          per episode  being highest paid celebrity behind Lebron James.Holy cow that is so much an episode   I wonder how much other tv people make . I don t know  but I guess not as much   Carol Burnett was the first celebrity on Sesame Street   
conversation_265 Do you know who Stephen Hawking is . Hello   yes I do   I actually just recently watched a movie about him as well   The Theory Of Everything   very well done and explained a lot about his life  . Interesting  I ve seen that one too  Did you know a lot of his work is around blackholes  .Yes   Did you know that the deepest note in the universe is emitted by a black hole .It wouldn t surprise me  I think a lot of his work was around the Event Horizon s if I remember correctly .If you fold a paper in half     times it would be as thick as the observable universe .Somehow I don t believe that . Ok   Thats cool   I have no idea if thats true   something I read recently in some cool facts   This is no where near my area of expertise   I did read that there may be a universe inside the black hole though   isn t that crazy . Yeah  they have a lot of wacky ideas about the universe  That much I do know  They also propose it is a hologram  .I also read that the universe used to be opaque due to there being too much plasma that light could not travel through it . Yeah  I ve read that as well  There are stars in the universe that are cold enough to be touched by humans  . Thats really cool   I can t imagine touching a star   Have you ever heard of a hubble telescope   Apparently it discovered a galaxy so big it shouldn t exist   according to physics  . Yeah  that is pretty cool  I know a lot about Hubble  it is a pretty cool telescope  .Sounds like it . Yeah  I remember when they did the space walk to fix it  remember that  .I do not   Was that recently . It was about    years ago  apparently the hubble is having problems again  .I see   Guess they really need to make some upgrades   A lot in technology has changed in  years. Yeah  it does  Pretty bad  the hubble can see a lot of things  .Did you know turbulence is one of physics great mysteries . I did  but they sort of have it figured out  I hate turbulence  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_266  Hi  how are you . Good  how are you  Celebrities in science are quite rare aren t they  I was a fan of Stephen Hawking  I m sad he finally passed away from ALS . He was tremendous thinker  Gosh  I wonder if he was as smart as Kim Jong un  who has a degree in physics  supposedly  .I would think that he is smarter  I wonder how it felt to have such a physical disability but yet such a sharp mind . In his younger years  he wasn t badly afflicted  I wonder whether he was one of the  scientists who theorize that universes evolve through natural selection. Hmm  it wouldn t surprise me  Hawking went further than Einstein did on understanding of gravity  Hawking developed new graphical methods that let him visualize physics of light paths in warped space  black holes  and the convulsions of the universe .And he did all that while battling ALS  There is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe  Does this make any sense  I wonder who came up with that . Hmm  it does not to me but I know I m not much of a scientific mind  Hawking strengthened the Big Bang theory as well that says that the galaxies were in a compressed area smaller than a single atom before the big bang . Hard to imagine  but I guess the mathematics supports it  The universe could have come from nothing without violating physics  Particles can pop in and out of existence  so I guess a universe worth could as well . Yeah  it s hard for me to relate to scientists and all of their elaborate theories but Hawking was blessed with wit  He was quite the jokester  which makes him very relatable .I think he took to his celebrity status quite well  Pixar studio has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities  I wonder if Hawking ever got a chance to see it . Speaking of celebrities  did you know that Judge Judy is the highest paid celebrity after lebron james .The woman is a legend  Over     k per episode  Probably a longer career too  But she probably hasn t done any animated voice work .I guess celebrities doing voice work is a fairly new thing in terms of history  Robin Williams was the first to start the trend of celebrities doing animated film voices  This was for the movie Aladdin .Did he ever appear on Sesame Street  Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on the children s series  He would have been great on that show .That is a good question  Do you like celebrity chefs .Not especially  I think it s more about them than the food  You . Yeah  not really  It s cool that a celebrity chef from Ethiopia is using his fame for good  He believes he can combat his country s hunger problems. I think he ll have a positive impact  Anyway  I enjoyed chatting with you . Yes  it has been fun  This talk of food has made me hungry though .Have a good day 
conversation_267 How s it going  Did you know that the Universe could be just a giant holgram . Hi  Wow that is a hard concept to digest  Did you know it may be possible to touch a star . No I had no idea  that would be awesome though as long as the star isn t too cold.They have confirmed there are cold stars and can be touch by our hands.That s pretty cool  I wonder if it has anything to do with the region of space that may be pulling galaxies outside the observable universe. Wow the universe is so marvelous and complex  there are many theories  for example that there is only one electron in the universe . That would be insane if there is only one electron in the universe  it would mean I wasted a lot of time in chemistry class. That is a crazy theory  I totally agree  It is good there has been curious people like the Greeks  Copernicus  Newton   Not always right but opened the way for research . Yea  it s interesting that the Universe may have evolved through natural selection like the species on earth.All this has to do with Physics    did you know Pixar studied the physics of curly har for   years . No  that s pretty crazy  I wonder if they asked Kim Jong un to help since he has a degree in physics. hahahaha It was for Maida s hair in  Brave  very different hair from Kim s    but maybe he helped with some knowledge .Maybe Kim could explain how the universe was able to come from nothing without violating the rules of physics. hahaha that would not be easy  Talking about Pixar  did you ever hear about their secret room . Yea  I heard Pixar let s celebrities visit it. I saw it in the extras of Toy Story  its cool  do you know about the highest paid celebrities . A little  I know Jude Judy is the highest paid before Lebron James.wow that is crazy   how much does she make . Jude Judy is paid         an episode for her show.Wow that is a lot  Do you know Rbin williams was a pioneer in voicing characters for animation movies . Yes in Aladdin  Well I have to go  nice chatting with you
conversation_268 Do you like to dance . Hello  no I do not   do you .I do when I have a few drinks in me lol  I turned into a michael jackson type dancer. That s funny  I have never been much into it  I can do a few Fortnite dances because my kids force me to . lol all kids know how to do that  they are hilarious  Michael Jackson has a patent from that lean he does. I believe that  music is such a strong persuader . for sure  I love music  Babies do too  Did you kids as baby dance a lot . My son use to bob his head a lot to music when he was a baby  so I believe it . I believe it too  I am watching my    month old right now shake her little behind to some music while standing up ha.Did you see the black panther movie . Yep  it was a great movie  A lot of people watched it  I think it made a billion or more at the box office  did you .I cant believe Disney now owns all of Marvel . Right  talk about a great investment  Black Panther is the richest of all superheroes.Really I would have thought Tony Stark would have been . Me too  or Batman  I think Black Panther is worth     billion dollars .That s crazy I wonder if he would use Siri  Im sure he uses a virtual assistant somewhere in that fortress of technology . right lol  I have siri but never utilize that technology much  do you .I use it only to make my grocery list  What voice do you use for yours . That is a great idea  I just use the default one  the original I think  How about you . I recently switched from the Australian voice to the U K version  gotta keep my women interesting fresh . I will have to check that out lol  It was so nice chatting with you  enjoy your weekend 
conversation_269 Do you enjoy baseball .Yes   Just haven t followed it in the past few years . Me neither I just like to watch the World Series from time to time  its a sport with a lot of history  . Find it funny that the isotopes  a minor league  was named after a team on the simpsons. That is funny  I used to love them in The Simpsons do you like the Yankees  that is one of the most popular teams  .I m a Phillies person   I like that the Yankees uniforms doesn t have the players names on their back   Interesting concept . It is an interesting concept  did you hear about the pitchers that swapped families permanently  .How can you swap families   Didn t hear that . Yeah that happened back in       and I dont know how that can work seems like both families are nuts.LOL  Must be   How about that    year old female striking out babe ruth and lou gehrig   Wonder what ever happened to her . She did  woah  maybe she was hired to play in the league lol   Ruth and Gehrig must had felt terrible specially because of all the sexism of the time .For sure    I never knew a team receives   bases if an opposing team player catches a ball in their hat  . I didnt know about that rule  maybe it happens often  do you know the team Chicago Cubs  .Yes   They re the team that only won the series twice and those wins were back to back . Yeah they havent won the series since then  I guess the team is cursed .Cursed for being greedy  lol    Your Yankees have the second highest attendance record .I guess that was the price they had to pay and really  the second one  I thought they were first.I might have misread that        they were second highest   Anyway  it was nice chatting with you  . Oh so that was back in      that makes more sense  and it was great chatting I agree have a nice day bye.Yes thank you.Ok bye again lol
conversation_270  I am guessing long ball is really working for the Dodgers  what do you think . Yeah it really worked for them this season  just didn t have enough in the world series  .Who do you think will win out of the top ten .For next season   Well I think the Yankees will have a better season . Yes  they seem good   I also was happy to see the Brewers finally rising to the challenge . Hey now your talking  the Brewers are my favorite team   I was upset when they lost game   to the dodgers  .I used to live in Wisconsin so still happy when they win   LA team looks pretty good too . Nice  Yeah LA has been really good the last few seasons  I think they will have another good one next year  .Do you think next year will favor slugging hitters again . I think it will   I think there will be even more home runs next year  how about you .I think so as well .Did you watch much of the world series this year . No  I missed it  I work odd hours .Yeah after the Brewers lost I didn t have too much interest . Wow  I just read that in      two yankees pitchers swapped families permanently  is that crazy or what . That is wild   I know Babe Ruth was a famous Yankee  did you ever see the movie the pride of the yankees . I have not  to be honest I m not a sports fan  . I watched it recently it was pretty good  Babe Ruth played himself in the movie  a good Yankee movie  .That is interesting   Did you see they suspended Don Mattingly because he refused to get a haircut   I can t imagine that happening these days . Yeah  I remember the Simpsons doing a parody of that one time as well  .Now you re talking   Love the Simpsons . Oh yeah  the softball episode is my favorite of all time  Daryl Strawberry was in it  he was a former Yankee right .Do you remember which season  I ll have to catch that . I think it was season   or   maybe  but I think the best ever  
conversation_271 I love this time of year  Baseball opening day is just around the corner   Are you a fan . I have been to a few games  mostly New York Yankee games in the Bronx .Well they Yankees are the most successful team of all time   By far the most World Series wins .Bobby Richard on the Yankees was the only person to win a World Series MVP despite losing the series .I can imagine that was bittersweet for him then   Did you go to old Yankee Stadium or the new one that opened in      .I have been to both stadiums  I suppose I am one of the numbers that support the Yankees having the second highest attendance .Are you a Mets fan too   I know they are not as popular as the Yankees but they have a big following too.I am definitely a bigger fan of the Mets  I like underdog stories  I never knew in      they shared Shea Stadium with the Mets .I think the Jets and Giants played at Shea at some point to   Lots of work for the groundskeepers.I bet  It was around the same time in      that two Yankee pitchers swapped families permanently  How unusual .Probably the strangest baseball trade in MLB history .Haha that is very good  Speaking of strange the Ottoman Empire was still in existence the last time the Chicago cubs won the world series .The Ottoman empire was in existence in        That does not seem accurate . I think it was the World Series won before       Because according the the facts the Chicago Cubs were the first baseball team to win back to back world series and haven t won since  with exception to      .I have to respect Cubs fans for sticking with the team for     years of losing.Baseball is all about tradition  That is probably why a married couple scheduled all      major league games up until      .Can you imagine the planning and cost that would go into that .They were great at managing it  I never heard of any mistakes  Speaking of managers  Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are techincally able to play .Interesting   Also baseball is just as popular in Japan if not more so .That is interesting  It is so popular they are surprised to find it is actually America s national pastime .A lot of Japanese players have gone on to have great careers in the MLB   Ichiro is one of the best hitters of all time 
conversation_272 Do you like baseball .Sure  baseball is intersting  i try to watch the world series  you . Me too  interesting how the cubs were the first team to win them back to back and then had really bad luck some would say the team was cursed.I think that they suffer a curse  what can they do to lift the curse  is there a spell to cast  A sacrifice to make . I dont know  thats an interesting question maybe sacrifice a goat and call it a day  do you like the Yankees .I am not a yankees fan  could we sacrifice another goat against the yankees . Sounds like a solid plan  you get the goat lol.I figure that there must be something that can both lift the cubs curse and transport it to the yankees  Who has the most world series thus far . I have no idea  I would have to say the Yankees  . Yes  i think the Yankees have the most  Is this the result of voodoo and witchcraft  if so  then it can be undone through voodoo  . I have no idea about magic  maybe Bobby Richardson is also cursed  he is the only person to win the MVP award and the lose the series.that is a shame  The new york yankees suspended don mattingly because he refused to get a haircut  Does that seem fair . No  it does not seem fair at all  there is also a Lost  Yankees player.Lost  How did they lose him  that sounds almost intentional  What about bill oreilly  he has been pretty sneaky too . I have no idea  I think it means a player in the Lost series  and what about him  what did old Bill do this time. Oh  he pretended to be a member of the press while he was in college in order to get season tickets  . Oh I heard about that  thats so funny  best part is that it worked  he fooled many and got to watch the games for free. ol Bill is a cunning one  you gotta keep a close eye on him  maybe if he had worn a uniform  he could pretend to be a manager . He could just to get season tickets I know I would  he sure pulled a fast one on many. I guess i was never tempted to get season tickets  but if I were  i would probably stray into the chicanery that bill committed  his sin is the sin that i would commit  were i in his shoes  Anyway  great chat . I guess we are different that way lol  I would follow Bills footsteps and get me free tickets and I agree its been a great and fun chat thank you very much  bye  
conversation_273  Hi  do you like baseball .I do like baseball  dont get much chance to watch  usually watch the WS  you .I love baseball as well  Did you know managers can technically play which is the reason they wear uniforms . I bet that is from the old days  I bet in the old days  one of the players was chosen to be manager .Haha that would be funny to see  Kickball is also called soccer baseball in Canada .What  Why  is kickball not clear enough  boy those canadians need to have a word for everything LOL.LOL I agree  A man once found    million dollars worth in baseball cards . that is a terrific find  i would probably sell a few  but keep the rest as an investment  what about you . I agree  I would definitely sell the rest so I could retire early lol . Yeah  that s true  buy stock and live off the dividends  did you watch the world series last year .I didn t get to watch it  What about you .I watched a few games  the dodgers lost again  they really have trouble in the series .I m a huge Cincinnati Reds fan  Just hoping I can see a World Series one day  Who do you like .i like the bay area teams  they havent done very well recently  the giants were good a few years back .That s cool  Did you know Babe Ruth was caught stealing in game   in the      World Series . the babe didnt look like much of a runner  he could hit  but run  im surprised he tried to steal .Haha I agree  The Ottoman Empire was still in existence the last time the Cubs won the World Series which is just crazy .that is amazing  the cubs are in the history books  they are history  not much has happened to change their place in the history books.I agree  Do you like the Yankees .Not particularly  they always have a ton of money and can buy the best players  it is hard on the small market teams . For sure  Well  it was good talking to you  Have a good day  
conversation_274 Are you a fan of baseball .I will watch it if it is on but I don t follow many teams  Do you know a lot about it .Not a lot but a little  Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically eligible to play if they need to .I wouldn t have guessed that  I always thought of the managers as those out of shape guys who yelled at the players .Me too  Did you know that baseball is hugely popular in Japan .That I did know  They have some great teams over there  I think they were surprised at how popular it is in america as well .Yes they are which is so strange to me  Did you hear about the guy who found baseball cards in his grandfather s attic .Weren t they worth a few million dollars  Could you imagine finding something like that  .Yes they were    million to be exact  That would be amazing .I wonder if there were a lot of Yankee cards in there  They seem to be the powerhouse team of baseball . They do  Speaking of  in      two Yankees pitchers swapped families permanently  .Um how would that even work  Like they married each others wives and raised the others kids  So strange .I guess  I have no idea why they would do that  Bill O Reilly made up a fake press organization to get Yankee s season tickets while he was in college .Given the price of yankee tickets that is one way to get in I guess  I wonder if that started his love of news as a career .That s a good question but I also can t believe it worked  Did you know that until their recent win the last time the Cubs won a World Series the Ottoman Empire still existed  .Makes sense  I might not know a ton about baseball but i know that the cubs  are always the underdogs .Definitely  They were also the first team to win back to back world series but then they never won again until the recent win .You have to wonder why when teams like the yankees win all the time  Is it the money in the team or lack of players  very strange .There is no salary cap in baseball and they have all of the money  They should cap it like the NFL does .That would be a good thing  I think it would increase the excitement of the game because you would have more evenly matched teams .I agree  They ve been among the leaders in attendance since      and you know that s because they always win  I think that would level that out as well 
conversation_275 Are you a fan of baseball .I sometimes follow baseball  usually around the world series  you . Yeah  usually when my home team is doing good  .i find the game to be too slow most of the time  I would prefer to watch the highlights and get the gist . Yeah  they are better to attend in person  Or I should say they used to be better until they jacked the price of a beer up to      . I do not buy anything at games  i get loaded up before and then partake after  during the game  no .That s probably a good idea  Did you know somebody found    mill of baseball cards in their attic . I would love to make such a find  i would sell some of the cards  and keep the rest as an investment . Yeah  me too  They must have been very old cards  .I think they were from before       classics  very rare  collectors were probably pretty excited . WOW  I wonder if the Honus Wagner card is still the most valuable  . It probably is  i have no idea what its value is  but it has to be one of the most . Yeah  it is the most valuable card ever  .That is what i heard  i know that cards came with packs of cigarettes  that has changed  LOL.Hilarious  I wonder what it is worth these days .i have no idea  millions  you got me  some tech billionaire will want the thing and pay a ton . Yeah  that is probably true  Did you know kickball in canada is called soccer baseball  . That is a cutesy name  i wonder why they chose that  kickball is better  i think . Yeah  I m not sure  but it seems hilarious  Well  nice chatting with you .I enjoyed chatting with you .Take it easy 
conversation_276  Hello  are you a baseball fan . I do not know much about baseball but I have been to a bunch of games  including a few Yankee games  It does have the second highest attendance .Baseball games are fun to go to but they take a long time  I usually end up walking around the concourse for a couple innings .I never knew why baseball managers wore uniforms  I thought it was just to blend in with the team and support the team  Ends up they are able to play if the need arises .Looking at some of the managers today I think it s more of a tradition now  I know in the past there were a few times where there were actual player coaches  I believe Ted Williams was one .I found it very surprising that a married couple had been scheduling all      major league baseball games up until       I figured it was just a computer .Baseball is deep into it s tradition  They probably didn t worry about any form of software until it became too complicated . You re right  That s probably why baseball cards are so popular too  tradition  A man found   million dollars worth of baseball cards in his grandfathers attic . Also the market was not as saturated back then as it is today  now so many different companies make cards that there isn t a chance for them to be as rare .I never knew that is why the old ones are so valuable  I thought it was simply the popularity of the player  In Japan baseball is so popular fans do not realize it is actually America s pastime  I wonder what their baseball cards go for .It s interesting when a Japanese player wants to play in the MLB  The team gets money for that player leaving .I did not know that  In Canada kickball is called soccer baseball  Odd how a different country views baseball .I wonder if they have any different rules than we do  It would be interesting to see if they put their own twist on the game . When I think of baseball  I think of countries like Japan and America  I don t really think of Canada and I especially do not think of the Ottoman Empire which were still in existence the last time the Chicago Cubs won the world series . It s also very popular in Latin America  A lot of professional players are from Cuba  Puerto Rico  The Dominican Republic  and Venezuela .That is true  I suppose Canada does have influence because in the      world series the US Marine Corps color guard brought in the Canadian flag upside down .That must have been embarrassing  Hopefully everyone realized it was a mistake .Well if Babe Ruth was caught stealing to end game   and lose the      world series with his team down by one run and everyone still loves him then I am sure it is okay about the flag all those years later .I m sure it is since I ve never heard it brought up until now .Well thanks so much for chatting to me about baseball  I learned a lot today . Thanks  it was fun chatting with you as well 
conversation_277 Hello are you a fan of baseball.Hello  I like the New York yankee s  how about you .Not really a fan of baseball personally.I don t follow it but I like Baseball  The world series is always exciting  The New York Yankees have a lost player    never found  How odd .That is odd    a man once found some     s baseball cards in his granfathers attic and they where worth   million bucks. Wow  lucky  Did you know kickball is considered a type of baseball in Canada  Interesting  .That is interesting  Baseball is so popular in Japan that many fans are suprised to know it is considered Americas national pastime. That s funny  it has always been America s favorite pastime  I wonder if they take Baseball as serious as American s do lol  or if they watch the world series as well .I have no clue    so you are a yankees fan. Yes  they are a very interesting team  Way back in      of the Yankees pitchers swapped families  permanently  pretty odd .That is odd   Bobby Richardson is the only person to win a world series mvp despite losing the series   I know the Yankees are pretty well known bbut not to much else about baseball. Yeah  I don t know many Baseball teams  I do like the world series because it is pretty exciting to watch  Long ago  the women s world cup had higher tv ratings than the world series though .That is pretty crazy   my daughter plays softball so that is interesting to know    the chicago cubs where the first baseball team to win back to back world series and havent won since lol my step dad is a cubs fan. I love softball  I played on a league for a couple of years  So yep I can appreciate baseball because it is much tougher to play  The Cubs  I really don t follow them but I do love our home team too even if they are not so great lol  .yeah i dont really pay attention to baseball this is the first year I have somewhat paid attention to football I went to a Cheifs game and it was a pretty awesome experience. Cool  I haven t been to a Football game before  but have been to a baseball and a basketball and I think it was all pretty fun .Yeah it is exciting thats for sure.It really was  Do you know what the Ottoman Empire is  I guess it was still in existence when the cubs last won the World series    not sure what that is though     .Im not sure what it is either but I guess that means it was long ago lol. Haha  very true  I didn t know Baseball managers wore uniforms   in case they need to  play  Cool.that is awesome all part of the team. Exactly  Well  I will continue to follow a little baseball haha  and try and watch the World series as well  You have a great night  Great chat 
conversation_278 Do you like baseball .I do   it was my favorite sport as a kid   I even knew the married couple who scheduled all       games every year. I didnt know about them  I guessed they had a talent for that  can you imagine the time that would take .Yes it was a lot of work   I just wish my grandfather had saved baseball cards   one lucky man found   million dollars worth of them in his grandfather s attic.   million dolars no kidding  that is awesome  what a lucky break he had .For sure   Wonder if baseball cards exist in Japan   The game is really popular there as well. I bet they due  they really love the sport our there  do you have a favorite baseball team   I like the Yankees.I am an Atlanta Braves fan but I could not help but love the Cubs when they finally won the World Series a few years ago. Yeah I bet they were really exited  they could lift that curse finally.Yes they won back to back world series and then never won again for years.Babe Ruth was caught stealing a base and then his team lost back in the year     .Yeah talk about blowing the world series for your team   in game   even . I know right  he still was considered a legend  things could have turn out differently if he didnt had the guts to steal that base.Yes   baseball is not as popular as it once was though   the womens world cup had higher tv ratings than the world series. It did  Wow  that is suprising  womans sports usually dont get support at all.yes as little as foreign sports   During the    series the us marines carried the canada flag into the stadium upside down . I wonder why  do you know the reason for that .An accident I think   They were clueless   I hate the Yankees because they win so much   Do you like them . I like them yeah lol  did you know theres a Lost Yankees player  .How did they lose him   I knew that two Yankee pitchers swapped families permanently   Not sure what was up with that . That is werid  I can undertand if it was a temporary thing but making it permanent  wow  I bet they hated their families
conversation_279  Hi  I recently learned that baseball managers are required to wear uniforms as well because they have to technically play should there be a need  So that must mean  they must stay in shape too right . that is interesting  do you think they ever played in a game  . I don t think so  I don t watch too much baseball and I don t collect cards either  but I might reconsider seeing how valuable they are when a man found three million dollars worth of cards in his grandfather s attic . I had heard about that  imagine being set for life overnight like that .How would you sell it  I imagine the buyers would be a small population . I suppose so  do you think he took a loss in value trying to sell them for what he could get .I think I would and I wonder if he knew the value when he sold them  If he didn t that would be very painful .That really would be sad if someone exploited him.Do you have a favorite baseball team  Mine is the Yankees . I am not too into baseball  but who is the  lost  yankees player . Yeah that s a little frightening and do they mean  lost  as in lost his way because of the fame or  lost  as in missing . I am not sure  I just know there is a lost one  I heard once they suspended mattingly because he would not get a haircut.The players to don a certain haircut  That s pretty strict  I wonder whether or not people still try to sneak into those games like what Bill O  Reilly did with the fake press pass  That s pretty smart since computers and photoshop didn t seem to be too popular back then . That is true  you can get away with a lot back then  now we know too much . Yeah  have you ever been to a live game . i have not  I know it is America s pastime though .I would argue that it was football  I didn t know there was a women s world cup has well and it even had higher television ratings than the world series . I would as well  but apparently it is very popular in japan as well . I wonder when they carried the flag upside down in the      world series  whether or not that was the doing of Japan .Maybe it is because it was the canadian flag .Oh it was the Canadian flag  What was the Marine Corps doing carrying around the Canadian flag instead of the US flag . Maybe they carried both  I am not sure . I see  well it was great chatting with you  Have a good day 
conversation_280 hey there what do you know about baseball. I know that it is a sport  played with a ball called a baseball  There are bases  and players  and bats  And hot dogs and popcorn .haha hot dogs sound good  and yes the objective is to hit the ball and run around the bases to get to home plate. It is one of the few sports in which the player scores points  not a ball or puck I wonder how much each baseball costs to make . thats a good question  but you could buy a lot fo baseballs if you found millions of dollars worth of cards in your attic like that one guy.He must have wondered why his grandfather didn t do anything with them  I would sell some and keep some . ya kind of a bum move to sel all your grandpas cards  especially since theyve been there since     .He might have needed the cash  Did you know that the opposing team receives three bases if a player catches a baseball in their cap  I ve never heard that rule .wow didn t know that  also didn t know baseball is super popular in Japan. Very popular  but not as good as the US version  Different experience in the stadium as well . I ve heard that  funny the Japan are surprised that baseball is actually americas pasttime haha.They have something called the Japan series  It doesn t draw the attention of the World Series . huh I ll look into it  can you believe until      a husband and wife team scheduled all the MLB games .They must have had a computer to help them  All those games  It couldn t be done on paper . ya I agree  like      games to schedule a year  that would get tedius . I wonder how much they got paid  The Cubs haven t had much luck  have they  They were the first baseball team to win back to back world series  and haven t won since . no you re right  what do you think about the Yankees . They have too much money  In general  there is too much superstition  in baseball  Ben Affleck caused the production of Gone Girl to shut down for   days because he refused to wear a Yankees cap on screen .its funny they started out as the Highlanders but changed their name in     .The Yankees is a very American name  Their logo comes from a medal designed for a police officer . oh thats cool  wild that they have the  nd highest attendance in the league .The Yankees are an institution  They ve won the most World Series . ya  and I don w know but apparently the Yankees  lost  a player somehow  do you know about that 
conversation_281  How s it going  do you follow baseball much  The Dodgers beat the Braves     in game   of the national league division series.I follow a little  That is exciting for Dodger fans .Yea their starter Ryu had a great game pitching   innings without a run. I heard Maz Muncy had a three run  second inning blast  . Yea it s amazing how many home runs were hit last season  with the Yankess setting a record     in a season.Home runs make the game more exciting . Yep    of the playoffs teams in the division round were in the top    for Home Runs last season.That is amazing  I just learned that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises .Yea I remember Pete Rose played a few games while as a manager.I have never heard that before  I always thought it was funny to see the managers dressed up . I wonder if baseball managers in Japan ever play  apparently Japanese fans are surprised to find out baseball is considered America s pasttime.I wonder why they are surprised by that . I guess Japan really loves baseball lol  I wonder if they have valuable cards like the one worth   million dollars found in a grandfather s attic.I wonder if its newly popular or if its been there for awhile . I don t know  it s funny the ottoman empire was still in existence the last time the Cubs won the World Series.I wish there was a date to reference .I believe it was      before the Baltimore Orioles moved to NY and were renamed the Yankees.Wow  It is funny that kickball is also called soccer baseball in canada . Lol  it s pretty funny Bill O Reilly invented a fake press organization to get free season tickets to the Yankees.I wonder where the lost yankee player is. Well I got to go  maybe I ll look for him
conversation_282  Hi  are you a baseball fan  My favorite team is the Yankees  they have been around since     . Yes  Phillies my team   Yankees lost me a bet for a    with my grandma when I was very young so I gave up on them   Did you know that Roberto Osuna hasn t pitched since May   serving a    game suspension. I knew he was suspended but not for that long what team is he on now .I believe the Astros. Oh  I knew he was on the blue jays  that s a pretty high risk trade considering Osuna violated the domestic violence policy.Yes   Apparently the Yankees trade with the Reds for Chapman before the      season when Chapman was set to serve a suspension for a domestic abuse incident is similar. Yea  I remember that  although Chapman is a great closer I wish the Yankees wouldn t of traded for him in      due to his incidents.It seems risky   But the Astros seemed to want a late inning reliever badly enough to get Osuna. Yea  as former world series champions they started to get worried they only had a   game lead in their division.Did you know that a married couple scheduled all the major league games for    years up until     .Now but that must of took them a lot of time.A man found    million  in baseball cards in his grandfather s attic.I m surprised they were still in good condition after being hidden since the     s. Yes  I wish I found them   Interestingly speaking of baseball it says that in      two yankee pitchers switched families permanently   I wonder what that means . I m not sure either  maybe they both divorced their wives and then married them.In August      Don Mattingly was actually suspended for not getting a haircut   I wonder if they still enforce that rule . It s possible  I know they made Johnny Damon cut his hair and shave his beard when he signed with the yankees. Wow   Interestingly  the woman s world cup had higher TV ratings than the world series in the U S  That is cool . That s cool  I think that was the year the US women won the world cup.great   The ottoman empire was still around when the Chicago Cubs last won the world series . Lol  I think they need to update that fact unless the ottoman empire made a resurgence a couple years ago
conversation_283 So how bout them Yankees .How are they doing .They are perennially amoung the leaders in the MLB attendance and made the post season   years in a row.Do you believe that Osuna has served a    game suspension due to domestic violence. That s crazy  I don t know what the Astro s were thinking taking the trade from the Blue Jays.I wonder why he s allowed back.I guess it s his first offense and they are waiting to find out about his upcoming court hearing.oh   the Astros think Osuna is remorseful and had enough counseling to not harm anyone in baseball I guess. I guess they are giving him a  fresh start  which means as long as he plays good we don t care.He says he won t let them down . If they are serious of giving him a fresh start they should wait till next year  he hasn t pitched in the majors since May   anyway.The trade left the Astros in a sticky situation   All that money invested and what return yet. I heard the Nationals might trade Bryce Harper  maybe Houston should have tried to get him instead.They might need him.He s good but not as good as Aaron Judge though.Hopefully Aaron Judge will not be out for more than   weeks. Yea  he s the face of the franchise now since Jeter left.Did you know the Yankees had been the Highlanders . Yea I read about that a long time ago  I didn t remember them starting off as the Baltimore Orioles though. Yes  that is strange and I wouldn t have known that .I didn t know they shared Shea Stadium with the Mets in      and    either. Wow  interesting fact   I never heard that one either
conversation_284 What do you think about the Orioles and the signing of Alex Cobb . well I think theyre doing what they need to do but I don t know much about baseball  do you . I know a bit  I tend to follow some of the games and I think that it was a good call  baseball is an interesting sport indeed  many cool facts about the game. oh ya for sure  like how the MLB uses    k balls in a given year for all their games. Thats a lot of balls  just like a single couple used to schedule all of the      games of the league  seems like a lot of hard work. that does seem like a lot of work  did you hear that a    year old girl struck out Babe Ruth  I wonder what happened to her.Really  a    year old struck out one of the greatest players of the history of the game    thats crazy  . yup  she should have gone pro  do you know what happens if youre in the outfield and catch a ball with your hat in baseball . No  what happens if you do that . well you apparently get   bases  I never knew that. Really  I wonder why it doesnt happen often  I havent seen it  that would be interesting to see though  . nope I think they should do that more  do you like the Yankees . I think they are a great team  the team has a lot of history for sure  do you like them . I do actually  they win a lot and I like winning teams haha  I guess they were created in     . Its a winning team for sure lol  you know that in      pitchers just swapped families permanently  that seems really odd. haha wow that is odd  pretty dumb how Ben Affleck refused to wear a Yankees hat because he was a red sox fan. It does seem dumb but I guess I can respect that  he must feel identified with his team  you know that a player got suspended because he refused to get a haircut  . wow that seems dumb  kind of weird that their uniform doesn t put names on the backs  they say it takes away the attention from the team.Yeah so what do you think about the World Series  its been played for more than a hundred years a lot of history there. ya I don t watch it but I m glad its there  I guess its ya been going on since about     . Yeah since the year       its been a long time for sure  the Chicago Cubs were the first team to win it back to back . yup and then they didn t win it for like    years or something  I guess the Dodgers have lost more world series than any other team which also stinks haha
conversation_285 Do you like baseball .I do like baseball  I can t wait for the season to start  Do you like baseball   Did you know that it evolved from a game in England . I do like the game  yeah  and no I didnt know that  I wonder why its not popular in England then.I don t know   Baseball is a form of an old bat and ball game played there back in the mid   th century   It s weird that it s popular in the US and especially Japan and not there . It is odd  maybe as odd as the managers wearing uniforms in the field  .I ve always wondered why they do that   I assume it s to show team membership but I don t really know . Its because they can also play if they think its the best thing  if the need arises they can step into th field  did you hear about that man that found   million dollars worth of cards in his attic. So a manager can play   I didn t know that   If we are talking about the same man he found old baseball cards  right . Yeah he found card that belonged to his grand father  they were just hidden in the attic  crazy luck right .Definitely   Those cards had been hidden away since the     s   I guess the people living there either never went in the attic or never looked around .So you said you liked baseball so maybe like the Yankees  what are your thought on the team. I like the Yankees   There s some odd stuff with them though   I mean  did you hear about the two pitchers that swapped families permanently back in      . I didnt  why would they do that lol  that is really odd I have to Google that. It is really odd but I guess it was the   s  so who knows   I ve even heard there is a lost  yankees player   That is especially odd to me . What does that even mean  a   lost   Yankees player  can you elaborate more about it. I really can t  sorry  I just heard that one thing  a lost player   No one ever expanded on it to me   . Oh I see  well nothing Google cant solve then   you know  a player got suspended because he refused to take a haircut.No I didn t   What player . His name was Don Mattingly  crazy right  that happened back in the year     . You know  I would have thought it would have been much longer ago than that   I guess I just figured there were stricter rules on hair back in the day . I guess so  still sounds a bit stupid to suspend a player just because of that  I think he was a key player for the team so yeah  
conversation_286 Hi there   Are you a baseball fan .Not really   I find the sport difficult to watch and slow   What about you .I like it   I think because it just it s something that always makes me think of warm weather and summer time   Did you know they call kickball soccer baseball in Canada . It is nice to sit outside and watch a baseball game in warm weather  I agree   I didn t know they call kickball  soccer baseball  in Canada   That is funny .I wonder why they call it that   I m always wondered why baseball managers wear uniforms   I guess they can play for their teams if needed   Interesting .Do you know who the baseball player Angel Hernandez is .He is actually an umpire   He has a bad reputation for blowing calls .That s what I heard   And he tried to accuse the Yankees and Joe Torre of discrimination against him   I think being an umpire must be difficult.I wouldn t want to be one   Especially the ref in the NFL who blew that call against the Saints and cost them a chance of going to the super bowl   You ll have to google it if you don t know about it .I heard about that in the news   Same thing with being a ref in a tennis match or a soccer match   It s a tough job   At least there is video playback   But human error plays a roll always .It does   Did you know that baseball is really popular in Japan too .Yes I did   It is popular in South Korea too .There s been a few Koreans who have played in the MLB   Shin Shoo Choo from the Rangers is from there . Oh okay  cool   Do you like watching World Cup soccer .I do   I watch it when I can . I heard that more people in the US watched Women s World Cup soccer than the World Series  which I find hard to believe   The final games of the Women s World Cup are always very exciting though .I believe it   Soccer is super popular compared to baseball   Speaking of the world series   did you know that Babe Ruth was caught stealing to end game   of the      series   I wonder if he was playing for the Yankees then .Wow   Well soccer is an easier game to watch than baseball .It is   More action   I wonder if they have hair length rules in soccer   Don Mattingly of the Yankees once got suspended because he refused to get a haircut   lol. I don t think so in soccer   Many of the men have long hair   Remember Alexi Lalas with the long hair   Speaking of baseball  did you know a female pitched was once booted from MLB for striking out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig .You re right   A lot of them tie their hair back   I didn t know that   How interesting   It s been fun chatting with you .Same here  I didn t know there was a female pitcher to Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig   Have a good evening .I m going to have to look that up   You have a good evening too 
conversation_287 Do you like baseball .I love it  Do you know why the managers wear uniforms during games .Yes they can play if their teams need them so they need to be ready.Yes  Do you know what kickball is called in Canada .Yes it is called soccer baseball.Yes I guess it makes sense that it has elements of both games.Yeah  Do you know who used to do the MLB schedule .Yes it was a couple that did it for a whole    years.Yes and they scheduled      games each year.Yeah amazing  In Japan the sport seems to be really popular.Yes so popular that they cannot believe it is a pastime here. Yes  they must really be into it and appreciate the sport.yeah  Do you watch the World Series .Yes I do  Do you know when it started .Yes it was back in      so it is already over     years old.Yeah  Did you know the ottoman empire was still around when it started .Yes that us pretyy cool  Did you know CUbs won the championship back to back two years .Yes and then they went dry for quite a while after that.Yes The women s world cup has more viewers than the World Series though.Pretty awesome  Nice chat .Same here and have a good one
conversation_288 Do you like baseball .I love baseball   Opening day is only   weeks away. Only   weeks away wow I am really exited  I mostly watch the World Series though  .Well there have been some pretty memorable world series over the years   It was first held in     .Wow so more than a hundred years since the first game  Did you like Babe Ruth . I mean  I never saw him play live  but I do think he is one of the best ever He helped make the Yankees a powerhouse .Yeah event the bests make mistakes he cost his team the title back in     . Yes  Babe tried to steal second base and it did not work out well. No it didn t work well at all  The Cubs were the first team to win the WS back to back  I guess that didnt work for them either.And that was the last time they won until        Quite the long layoff. Yeah  it seems like the team had a real curse on top of them  the Woman s World Cup had a higher rating that the World Series  . Well the World Cup does just come around every four years  so I can see how it would be popular on TV.I guess that makes sense still World Series is really popular in the states and woman s soccer team arent as popular .Well baseball is not as popular as it was back in the day   Too many things are competing for viewers time. I guess its not  there are a lot of sports out there  I do like the Yankees and the history the team has.They have the most wins in history by a large margin.Did you hear about Bill O Reilly and how he invented a fake press organisation to get season tickets.He is a well known yankee fan   I would not put it past him.Maybe he found another way to get tickets by now and what about Don Mattingly interesting how he got suspended.They have a strict dress and apperance code on the Yankees   He should of gotten a haircut . Yeah I wouldnt fight against the team and just get one already  anyway its been great chatting with you today  .You too   Have a good one 
conversation_289 Good morning  How are you today  I am sure glad baseball season is back  Are you familiar with the game .I played when I was younger . I wish I played  but only neighborhood games  Do you follow any baseball now  I find it amusing that MLB team managers wear uniforms because they can play if needed . I follow the Nationals  what about you  .I follow the Chicago Cubs  Have you heard about the guy that found the hidden baseball cards . Yeah  apparently they were worth millions of dollars  . Yes  Hidden away in his grandfathers attic since the      s  I wonder if the grandfather forgot them  or hid them so someone would get a big surprise .I m not sure  It has me thinking about the time my mom threw away my card collection . Oh  hopefully no good ones  Isn t it funny that soccer baseball is the name for kickball in Canada . Yeah  that is pretty funny  Is it a big sport up there  .I am no sure  I know in Japan baseball is super popular .I ve known that for awhile  I m surprised they don t know it is popular over here though .I know  That shocks me too .Are you a fan of the World Series . Yes  I am  As a Cubs fan it has been difficult  Prior to the      win the Ottoman Empire was still in existence the last time they won .Interesting  Did you know the cubs were the first team to win back to back world series .Yes  Did you know Babe Ruth lost game   of the WS in      . Yeah  he got caught stealing  . Yes  and they were already down by one run  I guess someone had to be that guy . Yeah  that sucks  He was a great player too  Well  nice chatting with you .Nice chatting with you too .Have a good day 
conversation_290 Did you know the space shuttle s computer only runs on  mb of ram  That s crazy . That is crazy  my computer has a lot more juice than that  unbelievable how tech advances .I know  I can t imagine not having computers now since we have learned to depend on them so much . We sure do  I have an apple computer  I didnt know smoking near it would make my warranty void .Really  I didn t know that  back in      some russians actually made a computer that ran on water    how strange is that . Really strange  I wonder what happened to that model  maybe water wasnt the best choice  . Right  I don t even know how that would work  Very interesting though  also I read someone built a    bit computer using nothing but Minecraft building blocks  so crazy how these people get these idea s .I know.So do you like the piano . I accidentally hit the enter tab  I was going to say I know  the world is full with creativity  and I do like the piano I like the sound of it . Me too  I did play years ago but not anymore  I love the soothing sound of it  years ago the bbc didn t have any news worth reporting so the just played piano music lol that s awesome .That odd considering the news giant BBC is today  did you know that Freddy Mercury played the same piano as Paul McCartney. My thoughts exactly  Oh wow that s an interesting fact  They built a piano for the Hindenburg and it only weighed over     pounds  who would think of putting a piano on that airship . That takes some useful weight out of the plane  and maybe someone that is a real piano fan  would be nice to listen to it in the sky though . Very true  Piano music is great no matter where you are  It is like poetry to your ears  which I love too  I write some poetry and it s a great stress reliever   . I do like poetry  do you like the series of Lord of the Rings  most of the hobbits names are actually names of poetry .Oh wow I didn t realize that  I think it s crazy that Edgar Allan Poe only got paid   bucks for his famous poem The Raven  Not enough people realize how amazing poetry is . That is crazy as its one of the most remembered poems of history  it must be worth millions now a days . I know  A very different time back then  So many types of poetry too  I love it and song lyrics most of the time are like a poem  Love it . Yeah  did you know about the poem Demetri Martin wrote .Is that the palindrome poem  Wasn t it like over     words  Amazing . yeah  it was over     words  pretty impressive and actually good 
conversation_291 Hello  How are you today .I m doing well how about you .Not too bad either  Do you play any instruments at all .I do play the guitar  I heard that the piano is an acoustic instrument .Oh really  I never knew that  I guess the strings are struck by hammers huh .I guess so  Do you know who invented the piano .Wasn t in by Bartolomeo Cristofori around the year      in Italy .That is correct  The piano is being playing using a keyboard that has a row of keys that the pianist presses down to cause the hammers to strike the strings . That is one interesting fact  You know what is more interesting though  how computers have come about .I agree  Computers are more complex than pianos in my opinion because they are devices that carry sequences by computer programming .Well said  I wish I could have used a computer that used water to run it like the Russians did .Really   I didn t know that the Russians did this  Do you know who wrote the first computer algorithm .No I don t  Who was it .It was by a woman named Ada Lovelace .Oh cool  I wonder if she wanted to upload her mind to a computer like other transhumanists want to .Wouldn t that be cool Ha    Do you know by any chance what was the number one installed piece of software on computers in      .Was it something like Solitaire .No  It was the video game Doom which I came across this fact very recently . Thanks for that fact  I remember that game  it was so cool haha  It was nice chatting with you though and just remember  smoking near an apple computer voids the warranty haha .I didn t know this  Thanks for sharing  It was very nice chatting with you  I hope you have a nice evening  Thanks and bye   .Thanks you as well 
conversation_292 Do you know anything about the dance program at Duke University . No  I don t really but they recently celebrated the opening of the new Rubenstein arts center .Who was Duke s first vice Provost for the arts .Scott Lindroth I believe  I love how they have these applied arts programs to bring them balance and something different and meaningful to them . I heard that since his time  Duke has grown to have    student arts groups . That is really amazing  love this idea  they have so many more classes directed at the arts now more than ever which is awesome  .I wonder how many programs are devoted to the acoustic piano . I love the piano  but not sure how many programs are devoted to it  by aligning art making with research it makes for a much deeper learning experience though .I am a fan too     Odd that the modern piano has been around since roughly      . Right  L played years ago  and I also love poetry  Everyone should have a creative side they let out  It is amazing that they found a piano at the top of britains highest mountain    crazy to think how it got up there lol. It is funny that they test pianos with Circus Galop  a piece no human could play . Hahaha  that is odd  I love researching fun facts on the computer and you can find so much  I use my computer for everything  I write some poetry and save it to my computer     you could probably find a program to teach you piano on the computer lol . Perhaps so     It is funny that poetry goes back to prehistorical times  but we still can not teach a computer to compose it well . Exactly  there will always be a need for human emotion which nothing tech wise could ever do  The Edgar Allan Poe poem  the Raven was fantastic and he was only paid   bucks for it  Wow    . Conversely  something as simple as the Japanese Alphabet  when recited in order is also a poem . I think I read about that while on my computer  and that is amazing actually  I will have to look it up I want to see what it is all about . Did you know that in       Russians made a computer that ran on water . Really  That is awesome  something else to research on my computer  I love reading cool facts  Almost all of the Hobbit s character names were taken out of an old poem  how funny .Indeed      I wonder if something similar inspired Demetri Martin s     word palmindrome poem . Exactly  I need to read that poem  must be very good  I am wanting to find that poem that is read normally is found to be depressing but reading it backwards is inspiring  Love that .I am looking for some of the poetry from the pyramid texts .Oh wow  Now that would be very interesting  I may do that myself as well haha   It has been great chatting with you .You too      I enjoyed sharing prosaic writing with you too 
conversation_293  Hi  how are you .Good  Did you know Kristen Stewart from the Twilight movies helped author a paper about AI  Not just a pretty face . Wow  I had no idea  That s pretty cool  Isn t that one lady from Bri bang also like a pHd . I m not sure but wouldn t doubt it  Facebook is developing AI designed to better understand emotions  identify objects  and predict user actions  Yikes  .Clifford seems to be a great way to augment teaching  I would like to see a pre and post test with a control group to see how well the AI works .Interesting  At Stanford they use Google Hangouts to teach AI more effectively .That s interesting  I teach college courses and would love to see how that works  I wonder if the non for profit has more info on it .Good question  How about this one    there s a NASA scientist who believes our world is just a computer generated VR  Maybe he s been watching too much of The Matrix .That s nuts  I sometimes wonder if the ultra intelligent need things to maintain their sanity   . Haha  Definitely  Overthinking can be a torture  I m sure  The first Virtual Reality game was created in       How far we ve come .I would love to go on Lockheed Martin s virtual reality tour of mars  seems like it would be a lot of fun . It does sound fun  Up to     of VR users get motion sickness    me included  So make sure to take your barf bag if you go  just in case  .I never thought of that impact on people  Have you ever gone on  D rides at like disney  They move and shake but then they also spray water on you for when you go through water tunnels or something like that  Pretty fun . Yeah  I took my daughter on the Stitch ride and she FREAKED OUT  She thought it was real  I felt so bad  But that s proof that  D can ramp up the experience  .HA  How old is she  My   year old went on a roller coaster for the first time and freak out until the end and then I could not get him off the rides .She was     But she has a really active imaginations and she loves Stitch    so I think a part of her wanted it to be real  Wonder how she would do on that Lockheed Martin VR space bus you mentioned earlier .I am sure she would do great  Are you on Facebook . Yes  I m on FB  Used to be on MySpace too  which offered to buy FB for     M in       That would have been the buy of the century  .I know  Wht dopes  Like Iceland rewritting its constituion using ti . There s a German state where it s illegal to use the  like  button on Facebook  Wonder what s that all about .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_294 Hello   did you know MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for    million in      . Hi  Are you a registered user of Facebook . Yes I am  what about you .Yes  I am thinking of joining the QuitFacebook movement though.I m not a huge fan of Facebook  I rarely use it .Did you invest in the company at the IPO in      .I did not  What about you . No  but it would be worth a lot of money today if you had .It would be a big investment  Did you know the Facebook like button is illegal in one of the German states . No I did not  WHy is there not a  dislike  button.lol not sure.They make most of their money off of ads.Yea they make a lot off of ads  I saw that Facebook is blue because Mark Zuckerburg is red green blind . Yeah  that is weird  I know how you can get a free whopper from BK.How can you get a free whopper .If you unfriend    people on facebook.That s pretty crazy and cool .I am thinking about going back to MySPace and deleting Facebook.I didn t even know MySpace was still around  I would like to do that as well .I want to read the Icelandic Constituion on there first.I don t know much about that .Time to check my posts on Facebook 
conversation_295  When I previously thought of virtual reality I thought of gaming  but have you heard about its uses in the educational revolution . Hello there  same here  no I haven t seen too much about the educational side though  . Through virtual reality  children will be able to attend virtual schools and learn how they want  Through their tablets or visually . That is really cool  I guess they can get access to things and places that they never would have been able to before  . Yes  for example if they want to learn visually they can use the headsets to travel to ancient Egypt and watch the pyramids get built . Wow  that is even cool for me and i m an adult   . It is   It is becoming a lot more affordable too   It used to be over        but in two or three years should be less than      . I think you are right  I think more schools will have these in the coming years as well  . Yes  and can even use them at home to educate   The program will allow the parents to keep tabs on their children to see how they are doing .And I think all of those safety features for parents are a must with all technology these days . Yes  safety and affordability   With a lot of companies like Google  Lenovo  Magic Leap  and Facebook involved you know there will be an affordable and great product .Yeah and I think there will be profitable business there as well so its win win for those companies as well . Yes  agreed   You even have a company like Lockheed Martin that can take kids on a virtual reality tour of Mars . Wow  now wouldn t that be something   I wonder if they will be able to do that with planets further out in the future .With all of those companies and a company like Facebook worth over      billion I am sure they sky the is the limit .Exactly   Do you use Facebook much .I do   I cannot believe in      that Myspace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for     million . Right  That would have been one of those deals of a lifetime  but mistakes happen  . It is impressive how huge it has become   In fact  Iceland is literally rewriting their constitution using Facebook   They allow the public to chime in with suggestions  Wild . Yeah I saw that  very interesting   But  it makes sense though  let the people help control how the government operates  not the other way around  . Yes  basically the opposite of the German state Schleswig Holstein where the  like  button is illegal  . That is hilarious  I wonder if you went back in time and told people    years ago about that  what they would say  Anyways  it s been nice talking with you  I hope you have a good day  
conversation_296 Hi   Are you a facebook user . Yes  I do use it  but mostly for the games app s social part  I d rather play a game  I ve heard the Virtual Reality video games are pretty cool  Would you try .I think I would try it to see what it was like .I ve seen lots of examples on Facebook of people playing a VR game and getting terrified or surprised  It looks like a lot of fun .I wonder how much the headsets cost for it   The fist virtual reality game was made in        I had no idea they were around then . I thought I ve heard that VR has been used for training soldiers  so I wonder if it could have been around for even longer than       but kept secret .Quite possible   I read where    percent of users experience motion sickness in virtual reality . Well  that part doesn t sound very fun  Did you know there is a NASA scientist who genuinely believes we re living in a reality generated by a computer  Or maybe multiple computers   . I didn t know that   I know that Lockheed Martin has a virtual reality  Mars bus  that can take kids on a tour of Mars   That would be neat . Wow  I was excited when I heard a company was starting art buses to park in lots of shopping centers to look after kids while parents shop  I can t even imagine how great a VR Mars tour bus would be   .Hahaha  Do you know anyone that has the Oculus Rift VR headset that Facebook released . I don t  but I d love to try it  I am really interested in those augmented reality systems that area a type of VR  I had an idea for those Google glasses before they came out  even .Nice   Stanford s free artificial intelligence class uses Google plus hangouts to help them teach more effectively   What do you think of AI   It kind of scares me  lol.Meant to say augmented reality  I think it s strange how Tesler s Theorem for AI is whatever hasn t been done yet  Does that mean he wouldn t call the VR games AI . I have no idea   Good question   AI has crushed all human records in the puzzle game          I haven t heard of that game . I haven t heard of that game  either  There s a game I play where you get better by doing daily tasks  I should make an AI device to do it for me .lol Nice   Did you hear about the promotion that Burger King ran where if you were to unfriend    people on Facebook they would give you a free whopper   I would have taken them up on that . I think there were probably people catching on and adding    random people just to unfriend  though  Can you believe that in a part of Germany the Facebook like button is illegal .I wonder why   I m going to have to look that up   I wonder what Myspace thinks of passing up on the chance to buy Facebook for     million in        Is Myspace even still around .I think MySpace is around but everyone uses Facebook instead  I think Facebook is worth hundreds of billions today .In      when they had their IPO they were valued at      billion then   So you are right  I m sure it s more than that now   It s been fun chatting with you 
conversation_297 How s it going  Do you know much about VR  Looks like it is not meeting it s potential as an educational tool. Hello there  I know just a little bit  I heard that is true though  that they don t really have the ability to customize the material to the individual or coach  .That seems odd and something that would be easy to fix if the effort was put in  Learning history and geography seems like a perfect fit for VR. Yeah I think you are right  especially for those children that are strong visual learners  .VR does sound like a great tool for those who struggle with time limits.Yeah I think it has the potential to be   Do you know much about AI . Not much except for what s in pop culture  I definitely couldn t explain Tesler s Theorem that well. I think I m about the same  I know IBM s Watson is very helpful in the medical field   .Yea I ve heard of Watson and a little about Stanford s ai class which I might have to take a look at when I got the time.Did you know the actress Kristen Stewart co authored a paper on AI . No  I had no clue  I don t know if I m more surprised of that or the first vr game being made in     . Holy cow  I never would have guessed that about VR   Did you know doctors are using it to treat phobias . Yea  I ve heard of that  very cool  Lockheed Martin uses VR to tour Mars which is pretty cool also. Wow  that would be pretty cool to try  I wonder what you have to do to be a part of that . I don t know  maybe be in a smart class or just be in a school that is nearby a Lockheed Martin facility. Yeah you are probably right   On a different note  are you a user of Facebook . Yea  I think I started using it in       two years after it was first founded by Zuckerberg and his Harvard classmates. Yeah I think I am the same  I m pretty sure my roommate in college set one up for me in       . I use to like myspace a lot better in high school  Tom must be kicking himself for not buying facebook in     .Yeah think about how much money was lost not buying it way back then   I think I set up a Myspace account but never used it .Well FB is valued at     billion right now but it would probably be worth a lot less if myspace did buy it. Yeah that is true  but I m willing to bet it would be worth more than Myspace currently is  Well it was nice talking with you today  I hope you enjoy the rest of the day  
conversation_298 hello.Hello how are you doing  Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for     million in early     .i bet whoever was in charge regrets the hell out of it. Right   Missed opportunity  Facebook s  like  button is illegal in the german state of schleswig holstein .i wonder exactly what is so bad about it  The King of Pop started his solo career in      .Yeah i know right   Why are they so against the thumbs up   Freddie mercury cancelled a duet with michael jackson in the     s. Freddy s vocals would ve destroyed jacksons  also   a llama  really dude .hahaha well MJ is really weird   Maybe it gives him inspiration   Michael jackson wanted to build a    foot robot of himself to roam the nevada desert .only thing i have in common with the dude is being a massive simpsons fan  if i ran into that robot i would think i was tripping.Did he have a music video of him being this large silver man or something  lol Thats awesome that Michael was a simpsons fan   I need to start watching it again . you know  im not sure     yeah  same here  havent really watched it much lately  taylor switf removed her music from spotify but kept it on pandora  think it was the money  .Maybe   This is a ton of money Aloe blacc only received    k in royalties from pandora for     million streams.seems like someone got robbed  pandora makes     million in revenue. This is amazing   I love listening to stand up Pandora now streams stand up comedy in addition to music .woah    i had no idea  pandora is powered by the music genome project  ever heard of it  i havent.No I havent .an effort to capture the essesne of music at the most fundamental level  i wonder what else they do . yeah me too  On September           Sirius XM Holdings announced its intent to acquire Pandora for      billion .Burger king had a promotion where if you unfriend    people on facebook you get a free whopper  LOL i couldve had whoppers for daaaaayyyys.haha what is the price of friendship     whoppers . ahaha  we can be real life friends eating whoppers .right    nice talking to you   have a good one 
conversation_299 Are you on Facebook by any chance . yes   I found it interesting that mark zukerburg suffers from colorblindness .I was not aware of that  Facebook debuted in       I was not aware it had been so long  It makes me wonder how long I was on MySpace before that . I agree  I wonder why burger king wanted people to unfriend others .I was not aware that they did  That s very strange  You d think they d rather advertise on the site since so many people are on there  Facebook makes most of it s revenue from advertisements .I understand that to be true also  I cant believe Iceland is using Facebook to rewrite their Constitution.That seems like a bad idea  People don t think before they type on Facebook and they re willing to be more ridiculous because they are behind a keyboard . Agreed  I have alsways really liked Micheal Jackson  and I knew he did work on the Simpsons. I have mixed feelings about him  As a pop star he was amazing  his personal life not so much  My understanding is that Freddie Mercury cancelled a duet with him because he insisted on bringing his llama to the studio . Yes I understand the feelings  would have loved to see the    foot robot though.He had some very out there ideas  I did know that Eddie Van Halen Played the guitar solo in Beat It free of charge .I did not know that either  and that Micheal helped write the soundtrack to sonic  .That seems very odd to me  Thinking back to the Sonic games they do not have music that I would have thought a high profile musician made . I would agree with that  but still good music  I knoew taylor swift removed her music from spotify but not pandora .I wonder why  I use Pandora a lot  I often have it on when I exercise  They have a net income of      million despite having      million in revenue  I really think they need to look into their overhead cost .I would agree  I know she didnt like how they pay artist  I did not know they were streaming comedy also.I didn t either  I have never tried to use it for that  I use Podcast apps for that purpose  I ll have to look into that .They have plenty of streams at     million steams for Aloe Blacc.That s a huge amount of streams  I did not realize until recently that Pandora was only available in the United States  I find that surprising .me too I found the music genome project interesting to learn about also.Algorithms are always interesting to me 
conversation_300 I guess a disabled student who won a case against a TX school died recently   Her name is Amber Tatro . Yeah   thats sad   Do you used facebook . Yes  but I m not addicted    It was a tough SC case   I m not sure I agree that schools should have to perform medical procedure   They are school not a hospital  . Yes I agree   unless they have medical training  . It was all kinds of things with her    Infections  injections  etc    The school would need a team   She got a standing ovation when she graduated  .Right   That is pretty amazing .Facebook    It seems to have many uses   Iceland is using to rewrite their constitution   What do you use it for . I use it for keeping in touch with people   seeing what people are up to and news   How about yourself .That s the same with me   I comment very little   I didn t realize Facebook is blue because Zuckerburg is red green colorblind   . Me either   I just recently saw the movie the social network   its about facebooks start  . Yeah  kids from Harvard    wasn t it a student post board   Myspace could have bought it for penny s   . Yeah something like that   I know right   that was a huge mis opportunity on their part  .Yeah   Why would Burger King have a promotion to encourage others to unfriend others   They offered a free Whopper to unfriend    people . I dont know the reasoning behind it   but I wouldnt mind a free whopper lol . Yeah  that made me a little hungry   Did you like Michael Jackson   . Yes   love the king of pop   You . yeah  he was a talent for sure   I can t believe he wanted to develop a    foot robot to roam the desert around Vegas .Hes always been a little different lol Did you hear freddie mercury cancelled a det with mj because he wanted a llama in the studio  lol.No   I miss Freddie too     strange reason to cancel    Do you listen to Pandora Radio   The have comedian now . Yes   love pandora   I do listen to their comedy on road trips and long drives  . Yeah  ZM radio is cool too   Thanks for the chat  you were great 
conversation_301 Good Morning  Do you like to travel . I do  I travel a lot for work  but even more for leisure  I wish I could use the commuter bus the Dutch are creating  It s designed to travel at    mph .I would rather do that than be in Iceland where there is no rail service .I agree with that  I wonder how many people there have never left their towns . I m sure many are content where they are  I would hate to live in Japan though  it costs     dollars in tolls to drive across country .That would be an expensive road trip  I wonder how the first king to travel around the world got around .I think it was King Kalakaua of Hawaii to do that and that was long before airplanes .I wonder if he went to Mackinac Island  They ve banned motorized vehicles there for over a hundred years  I bet it s peaceful there . I bet it is  instead of hearing the snow plows like I am right now  Did you know the dodo bird was part of the pigeon family . I did not know that  that s pretty interesting  I ve heard that some birds fly from Alaska to Norther Mexico without sleeping  That is wild . I would be sleeping right away during that trip haha  Birds are smart  especially the ones that can mimic camera sounds in Australia . Yeah they are  and how hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests . I wouldn t know how they get the spider webs not to stick to them  I can never get them off me haha . I m not sure either  haha they always stick to me too .Have you heard of Machine Learning  it s the study of algorithms and mathematical models that computer systems use to improve performance . Yes  I actually studied it in college  I wish I could have wrote the algorithm that mines rap lyrics and writes its own . That would make writing songs much more easier  I like how they can make double entendres like  that s what she said  .That is pretty cool  Ubisoft actually partnered with the British Museum to apply machine learning to speed the deciphering of ancient hieroglyphics .Technology is just beyond cool  They can even monitor food poisoning with it . It is amazing  possibilities are endless with it  Did you know the  are you human   test on many sites serves a second purpose .I did not know that  All I know is that they are annoying when you have to wait for them to load lol 
conversation_302 hi how are you  do you like animals .Hi there  I do like animals though I do not have pets  I think they should have rights so they are not hurt  There s a lawyer in Switzerland who represents them in court .i do not have any pets either  i would like a dog  that lawyer must have an interesting set of clients  LOL.H M was selling goat hair coats and there was video footage the improper treatment of the goats . yeah  the source of clothing is often quite disgusting  people working under terrible conditions  child labor  its sad .H M is trying to trace the source of all its products now . that is good  it is easy to lose control of the supply chain  where do the materials come from  well  it is a big planet .At least it seems more and more businesses are recognizing that transparency is important  I think because more consumers expect it . yeah  we dont want to participate in a kind of oppression  we want clothes at a fair price . Speaking of saving money  there was a man who wore    items of clothing so he didn t have to pay for baggage  I don t think that would fly in the US haha.he must have been enormous  did he make it through the x ray machine  did he fit in the seat . Right  haha  Bulletproof clothing often seems bulky as well  Bulletproof clothing mogul Miguel Cabarello shoots his employees to test the quality of his clothes .what   that is crazy  his employees should shoot him a few times first  LOL. Yeah  I know  I don t think he could pay me enough . yeah  really  there needs to be a danger pay  or a per bullet bonus or something .Yeah because we cannot live forever like the biologically immortal jellyfish and lobster .would you really want to live forever  i wonder if it would get boring or frustrating  it might be good to be frozen for a century then wake up for a bit  that would be fun . Not forever  maybe just longer  haha  In the Netherlands they try to help wildlife live longer by constructing bridges for them . that is thoughtful  the dutch seem to think a lot about nature  Anyway  great chat . Yeah  makes me want to take a nature hike right now  Nice talking .Have a great day  Bye .Have a good one 
conversation_303 Hello   Did you know the brand ZARA banned the use of animal after an investigation .Hello   I did not know that . They were found to throw goats  I understand why people were shocked .That s crazy  Did you know pilgrim clothing was full of color . Thats so interesting also  I heard they only wore black on special occasions  only humans wear clothing also . Yes I saw that as well  There s a store in Alabama that only sells clothes  cameras  etc  that are found in unclaimed baggage  .Normally bigger corporations have enough power to make decisions like that  But that s not ethical is it.Yea I don t think that s ethical either .I think it has a clear link with the use of animals by many companies     Using fur without consent kinda resembles using unclaimed baggage.Yea I think so too .Germany was the first country to give rights to animals do you agree with that .Wow I didn t know that  I agree with that though . I do too  but I mean it includes animals like the lochness monster    haha.haha  Did you know rip curl makes clothes in North Korea yet the label says China .Really    thats crazy   isn t that so unethical also     the people that make the clothes probably don t even get paid enough     Apple did have a clothing line also but I mean it did not last.Oh wow that s funny Apple had a clothing line .I bet it had apples all over it     Did you know that many many companies are feeling the pressure to ban animal use such as faux fur . I did not know that  I don t own anything with fur  but it doesn t bother me if people do wear it  .Why does it not  do you agree with the companies . Animals were put on this Earth for humans to use by God so as long as you re eating the meat  it doesn t bother me to use the fur along with it  .Interesting point of view   I still think they are right to ban it though
conversation_304 do you like colorful clothing . I do just like the pilgrims  do you know when they wear black .Yes only on special ocassions.Yeah  Do you know how they can tell if you need your clothes tailored .Yes they look for collar gaps in them.Yeah  Did you hear of that store in Alabama with stuff from airports .Yes they sell stuff that are left unclaimed at airports from people.Yeah I bet you they have all kinds of stuff there.Yeah I guess  DO you like animals .I do  DO you know how many are there .Yes about    quintillion individuals ones.I do not even know how many zeroes are in that.Exactly  Do you have a pet .I have a dog and two cats and you .I have a cat  Domesticated animals have a white patch on the forehead it seems.I do not think my pets have that though to be honest.Mine either  Do you know who we have hiccups .Yes they are left behind from when animals had gills and lungs.Yeah  Did you know the loch ness monster is a protected species .So cool  It was nice chatting with you. Same here  nice chatting with you
conversation_305 Hi there   Looking forward to chat with You     . Hello  what is your opinion on animal cruelty .I hate when animals are being cruel      .Would you purchase a pair of shoes made of animal skin if they were on sale .hmmm    are Martens made out of leather  . I am not sure  but I am pretty sure .I wanna say no     but if they look pretty cool    and the animal is dead already    I mean    I won t change the world by myself by skipping a beautiful pair of Martens   . Animal are being killed for food  but I think there are other material can be used for clothes .I guess so    but I feel like that s going to end soon because I ve read an article about artificial meat genetically made    so maybe animals will be safe soon    . Yes  you are right  Did you know that some of the largest clothing chains discontinue selling mohair due to animal cruelty . I mean that s great  but I think they are just doing that for the media coverage    I don t know  don t know much about fashion   .Maybe you are right  Mohair is made from the hair of a Angora goat for sweaters and coats . oh  so the animal is fine   After cutting the hair   Or does it suffer  . Oh  so the Angora sis much like a sheep . I m not sure  I hope Angora is not suffering because somebody cuts it s hair   .I hope not either  Materials that made from the hair of these animals are expensive .I m sure they are    hey   Apple had a clothing line in       I didn t know that    . No  I didn t know that  all I know about apple is making and selling electronic products . Yeah  that s what I thought   Maybe it s worth googling it after this HIT   . Yes  did you know what type of clothing were made by Apple . That s the thing   I don t   but I would think it s something artificial   maybe worth looking into   .What do you think about a man wore    items of clothing at a Chinese airport to avoid bagging charge .I think he had to be really skinny   . You are so right  I am surprised he pass the checkpoint  .He was probably sweating like crazy   lol   . Back to animals  I am a animal lover and I hope things will change in their favorite . I really think it will soon  Hey  Thank You so much for chatting with me     . Ok  nice chatting with you .My pleasure   
conversation_306 Do you like to travel . I love to travel  Haven t gotten much chance lately  though  How about you . I love to travel as well  so relaxing I want to visit Mackina island  sounds like a really peaceful place.Where is that  I don t think I ve ever heard of it . That is actually located in the US  I cant recall where but motorized vehicles have been banned there for more than a century.Wow  Are they trying to keep a historical feel to the area . Seems that way  the air must be clean and free of many of the pollutants we have in the city  Japan also seems like a great destination  kind of expensive though. Japan would be an amazing cultural experience  but travel inside the country is pricey  maybe even more than travel to the country .Yeah highway tolls cost more than      dollars thats too much money. I guess if you traveled there  it would be best to focus on one city so you don t have to spend on traveling around  It s probably expensive to travel in Iceland too  Most people there without cars take flights to get from city to city . That makes sense  seems like it would be just as expensive and the flight time is less  the firs king of Hawai sure traveled a lot.I wonder if he was surprised at the size of the world after ruling a small chain of islands for part of his life  I know I would be .Sounds like something to be excited about I bet he saw many kinds of birds in his travels. He probably saw some kinds that he had seen at home  since birds migrate so far  Some go from Alaska to northern Mexico . He probably saw a dodo bird  those are extinct now but maybe he had the chance to see one . It s a shame they went extinct  The moa and the elephant bird have gone extinct too  but both of those were wingless birds . There was an elephant bird  I bet it was massive  spiders must hate hummingbirds lol.I d hate hummingbirds too if they kept stealing my house to make a nest  Thankfully they re a bit too small and lightweight for that . I bet hummingbirds wouldnt mess with bigger spiders  sounds like they are bullies but I hate spiders so I guess its ok lol. I m with you   not a fan of spiders at all  Hummingbirds are beautiful to watch though  and penguins are my favorite animal  I m on Team Bird over Team Spider . Im on Team Bird as well so that makes two of us lol  I bet a lot of people would agree with us 
conversation_307 Do you like to travel . Yes  I do  I dont often have the time or money to travel but i really do enjoy it .Me too  Did you know in Japan every highway is a toll .the high speed highways impose a toll  the roads are not crowded though  you get what you pay for  did you want to go to Japan .I want to visit  Did you know that Iceland had no public rail service . Yes  i did know that  Japan on the other hand has a tremendous rail service  if you plan to visit  the rail system is better than the highway  however the air travel in Iceland is probably cheaper .Did you know that bird s bones are hollow . Yes  I did  they are stronger because they are hollow  lighter too  Did you know that birds have regional accents according to scientists . No  I didn t know that  I also didn t know the feathers weight more than their bones  . I guess that is also true of crows  which are among the most intelligent of birds  and are even capable of imitating human speech .Interesting  What do you know about machine learning . It is learning done by machines  Beyond that  not much  You .They have an algo that can mine rap lyrics and write their own .That is very cool  Soon we will not need rap artists  We can have the machines do it for us . Hilarious  Yeah  it will be like that Beastie Boys song Intergalatic  . Yes  that would be great  What else do you know that is interesting about machine learning . Apparently there are  are you human   tests that aid in the design of machine learning  . Yeah  turing tests  this whole things we re doing right now is part of that study  Anyway  thanks for the phat chat . Right  that is what they are called  Nice chatting with you too  .Have a good evening . You too  nice chatting  
conversation_308 do you have a smart speaker  I have an alexa    but they kind of creep me out sometimes . I don t  They look handy  but come off as kind of invasive .yeah i think they can be    but it is useful  I like amazon products for the most part  it was way more affordable and versatile than the apple home speaker that was    .      really is too expensive  I get that Apple tries to go for the high end market  but good grief .siri was intended for android and blackberry initially and it s funny now because the amazon ceo talks about how limited it s abilities are now . Siri isn t even compatible with Spotify on the Homepod  When your assistant can t talk to your music to play on your speakers  there s a problem . i have a huge problem getting alexa to connect too sometimes tho  it always tries to open  spotty control     my husband and I always joke that we are an  amazon family  i didn t realize how true that was until I learned that amazon has owned IMDB since    .Since      No kidding  I guess it makes sense for a company that started as a bookstore to branch out into movies next . yeah  i remember when they only sold books  a distant memory i think  now the workers walk      miles each shift .That makes me wonder how many miles the goats Google used to trim their grass traveled  Maybe    miles .hahaha google has some wild things  I used to live in the bay and their workspace is very unique .You ve seen the Googleplex  Neat  What s it like .they have a lot of different campuses all over palo alto and san francisco  it is very well kempt  and there are google bikes EVERYWHERE .That sounds about what you d expect from the provider of so much web traffic .yeah when they went down for a bit a few years ago web traffic dropped      yahoo must have been happy for five minutes . Poor Yahoo  Apple has Siri  Microsoft has Cortana    I m sad that Ask com isn t still around  I want to have Jeeves as my personal assistant . that is a throwback  Cortana isn t very useful  but I like bing as a search engine   and i like that they pay you points that can be changed in for giftcards .Cortana was helpful in Halo at least  Can t really picture Siri hanging out with Master Chief .my friend met the siri lady in an airport once  that was interesting .Hah  I wonder how the male voice actors feel  Mr  Briggs didn t even know he WAS the voice until he heard himself in a commercial .yeah talk about being the weakest link  I wonder how that happens though   like don t they have to pay for his voice . Maybe it was some kind of contract work  and the client wasn t disclosed . maybe that is a good point  thanks for chatting  I had a great time talking    . Me too  Best of luck to you and your  Amazon Family   Take care 
conversation_309 DO you use siri at all .I sure do  Do you know what she sings if you ask her to .Yes she sings the same song as hal      of space oddysey.Yes  Do you know where siri sends the questions that we ask . Yes to a database in North Carolina  pretty scary.Yes that is why IBM are afraid of what siri might say.And they are right to be afraid  DO you know who is the voice of Siri in the UK . It is a male  the same guy that did the voice in the Weakest Link.Yes his name is Jon Briggs and he did not know he was the voice of siri.Yeah until he heard an iPhone commercial  Do you use Google .All the time  Do you know how much computing power a search requires .Yes more than it took them to sent Armstrong and    others to the moon.Yeah   Do you know how they calculate traffic .Yes they take the average of android devices in traffic.Yes  Google once hired goats to mow the lawn instead of people.That is so cool and different and also more environmentally friendly .True  Did you know they went down for   minutes in      .Yes and it took down     of web traffic down with it.That just speaks volumes  on how heavy its use it. I know  it is amazing  Nice chat.Same here and have a good one
conversation_310 Do you use siri in your house . Hi  I use Siri sometimes by accident or sometimes when I am driving and can t take my eyes off the road  However  I do use Alexa around the house  Do you . I ve never used it  it is hilarious  because I have an iphone  I don t have alexa  I m scared it will spy on me  . Oh  yeah  usually Siri is turned off for me like on my other Apple devices  but I have found that it sometimes comes in handy for phones when driving although most of the times it s quite frustrating because they don t understand me and do something else  Considering Siri s best skill is being a musicologist  I will have to try out that feature some time . It scares me  I was unaware that Apple had something called the Homepod  . Apple has restricted the scope of the HomePod s intelligence  considering that Siri gets things wrong about     of the time  It s nice that they built the technology so that everyone is treated the same  which raises privacy concerns because anyone can ask to read owner s messages . Yeah  do you use Cortana  The microsoft thing  . No  I don t use that  do you . No  but I find it to be very annoying  They took away the search functionality for that  . Oh  I m not too familiar with that  What do you mainly use it for .I m not sure to be hoenst  But did you know that siri was supposed to be for android originally .That s surprising but I did know that Siri uses Bing search engine over google as its default search engine . Interesting  I did not know that  .I would love to work at Google some day even if it means being called a  noogler  and have to wear a propeller beanie cap because that s what new google employees are all succumbed to .Well apparently the guy from the weakest link does the voice .Which voice are you referring to .The birtish voice on Siri . Oh ok  the American voice of Siri is a voice actor named Susan Bennett  she s also the terminal voice for Delta Airlines  I wonder whether she negotiated a licensing or royalty fee for her work .I didn t know that  What type of roles has she been in . From what I read  Delta Airlines  subway terminals  voice of Siri  etc  I m guessing any commercial voice you hear in public places might be hers . OMG  that is awesome  I bet Amazon workers are tired after walking      miles each day  . They are definitely tired  but on the bright side  they probably don t need gym memberships because they might be in great shape .That s true  The first customer spent       
conversation_311 Did you hear about the     crocodiles killed in Indonesia .Yeah I think that is sad  Us humans are invading these animals  space and we think we own the place . I agree   We dont even respect other humans  so animals definitely dont get any resepct   We really need to treat every living thing with respect .It s especially bad because it was a licensed sanctuary that Sugito wandered into to collect food  This was undoubtedly done without permission .It is like when the kid fell into Harambe s cage . Right  I was mad about that one too  Police tried to stop the killings but there were     people so it was impossible .That is horrible   There are    quintillion  yeah that is a number  animals on earth and humans are one   Id say we are slightly outnumbered .Killing a protected species is a crime in Indonesia so it was just those people who were out of control  What s gross is the villagers took selfies with the crocodiles afterward . I would get killing the one  but trying to exterminate a species because of one bad one is stupid . Yeah  and I still don t think it s bad because the villager wandered into its habitat  But some people did question the logic of having crocodile ponds so close to a village .Or rather building a village close to where the animals already live .What about the Disney World alligator  Did you hear about that one . I vaguely remember something about that  what was the deal with it again .There was a sign that said stay away from the water but the parents let him get too close to the pond  He was scooping up water into a pail when he was snatched  Poor kid . I remember that now   I feel bad  it is just awareness  Some people have none. Yeah  I heard that he was also playing in the water  And in this case they euthanized the alligator and humanely removed others . Removal I can deal with  only if we were not intruding on their initial home .Yeah well I guess Disney World built where there were already alligators naturally  Seems pretty ineivitable in many areas of Florida that we would intrude  Sigh  I feel bad for the boy but the crocodile was probably just acting in its nature because it s a carnivore . Thinking like this little snack wandered into my home  how nice   . Right    And as humans we make handbags of alligators all the time  That being said I d be very protective of my children if an animal came to attack them .True   Its been great chatting   Have a nice day 
conversation_312 Are you a fan of Disney movies . Hi  how are you  Yes  I do like Disney films  Loved them as a kid  I haven t seen one in a while though  What was the last Disney film that you saw . I saw Moana last  but also Frozen shortly before that  it was the first film directed by a woman by Disney  you . I think I saw an animated film  probably Fantasia  A long time ago  I have heard good things about Frozen . That was a while ago  an instant disney classic  Did you know toy companies get involved before they even make movies.The marketing and the licensing are all together on this  The film seems to be a giant commercial for toys  LOL. For sure  that is a good way to put it  Do you have a favorite animal .I guess dogs are my favorite  There are so many out there  Elephants are cool too .me too I love dogs so much  Elephants and dogs are the only animals that respond to pointing.That makes sense  Elephants have a tremendous intellect  I think they are much smarter than we suspect .Did you know there are like    quintillion individual animals on this planet.I figure we re killing them at a rate that is going to hurt our chances of survival  That is something we should worry about . For sure  it is sad to think that is happening  Hiccups formed i think because of animals . We probably do not need hiccups now  but there are there from a long time ago  Maybe when we breathed differently . That is very true  in      animals were given actual rights in Germany  should happen everywhere.Animals should have someone to advocate for them  Too often animals are left to fend for themselves  I wonder who the lawyers are . For sure  humans could do this if they weren t so busy doing other things . I wish that we had a longer term vision of our place on the planet  We don t  Humans are separate from animals  but not independent  We will follow their fate if we destroy the planet . For sure  I will be long gone by then but sad to think it will probably happen  good chatting with you .Nice chatting with you too .Have a great weekend  BYE
conversation_313 People in Indoenesia do not like crocodiles   They killed     after   killed a villager . I can see how the crocodiles can be dangerous though  For them  it s about human safety. I understand  but the guy that was killed was in a protected croc sanctuary  It was kind of his fault . And I guess the species is endangered  which is part of why it s a big deal. Yes      cops tried to stop the crowd  but it turned into a mob of     villagers . Most of the time they try to remove the animals humanely  but those cases are also in the United States  Those villagers likely acted out of fear. Yes  in some instances animals that attack are required to be put down and tested for disease like rabies. On the other end of the spectrum  animals have guaranteed legal rights in Germany.That is good   There is a line between public safety and animal cruelty. As long as the public is safe  In Scotland  the Loch Ness monster is a protected species.That is funny   Next it will be bigfoot. If Bigfoot is in the US  that one may not happen  Although if he has a white patch on his forehead  it s a sign that he s domesticated.Apparently humans looked like bigfoot many years ago   Then about     thousand years ago we lost body hair.One thing we didn t lose are hiccups  It s a leftover result of when land animals had both lungs and gills.That is insane to think how species evolved   Now that are    quintillion different animals on earth. And yet among all those  we are the best distance runners due to persistence during hunting. Yes  but we have to buy our vitamin C   Most other animals and plants produce it naturally. True  but I wonder how many other animals can regrow a rib in     months after it s surgically shortened.That is true   And we can use tools   Let s see a crocodile do that.I wonder if there s a sound frequency that can cause fear in them like there s one that does in humans.Maybe that is why we build fires and make weapons   To guard against the fear
conversation_314 Hi do you like animals .Hi  I love animals  I have a couple of pets  How about you . I also love animals   I have a dog   but Ive been asking my husband for a dragon for years. I don t think he ll be able to find that  Out of the    quintillion animal types on the planet  I don t think dragon s exist . well not the ones I want   But they do exist   the kimodo dragon  .Oh that s right  I forgot those little guys are still around  Did you know Germany is the first country in the world to give animals legal rights . Yeah I think the kimodo dragon actually has its own island too lol I didnt know that   what rights are those . Yes  I think the do have an island  As for the legal rights  I m not entirely sure but pretty much what humans have .I see   Did you know dogs have    blood types . No  I had no idea  That is interesting  Did you know animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated .Is that every animal   I never seen it on any of my dogs or fish   That is interesting . Yes  my animals have those patches  I think it s all the head pats .lol what kind of animals do you have . I have two cats  They are rescues  really good cats but they seems to hate the movie Frozen  Did you know that was the first Disney film directed by a woman . Nice   my dog is a rescue   I wonder why they hate frozen   it has such good songs   No I didnt know that  .I don t know but they literally growl at the TV when its on  I guess they aren t Disney fans  I wonder if they would like the lion king . Yeah show them something they might relate to   cats   did you know that wreck it ralph developement started in the     s   took so long to get that movie finish   turned out great though  . I had no idea  that is a long time of development  I was also surprised to find out the lion king was the first Disney film to be dubbed in Zulu for its African release . Thats good   they should make it dubbed in more languages  . Yeah  they are trying to sell to a big audience  I mean toy industries are involved with Disney animations before they begin making the films . That seems like a given   these toys come out way before the movie to promote it and get kids excited about the movie . Well its no surprise  Disney is one of Hollywood s biggest film studios  If they make something  then you should get in while you can . Yeah   its been good talking to you   
conversation_315 Is Google your    search engine . Yeah  pretty much  I m locked into a disturbing amount of their utilities  How about you . I love Google  i can t stand other search engines like bing or yahoo.I refuse to use Bing because I despise Microsoft even more than Google . lol  Google is incredible though  it requires more computing power for one search than it took to send neil armstrong to the moon . Yeah  pretty much any kind of personal electronic device these days would put the supercomputers of that period to shame . that is very true  a lot has come since back then  How about siri  are you a fan . I don t even have a smart phone  so I ve never used it  Have you . wow  you are daring  i like it  I have an iphone but never use siri  I would rather just google something instead to be honest . I m not really daring  LOL  I just live in a  G dead zone and I m self employed  so I just need a basic tracfone in case I have an emergency on my occasional trips to town  But my laptop is all the Internet connection I need . I have a friend like that also  no shame in that  That is perfect though with your laptop because you can still communicate with others if needed  Do you do a lot of amazon shopping . A fair amount  although they re another corporation I hate    I get better deals on supplements and used books  How about you . For sure  it was started as a book company in     . They re a good source of out of print stuff  for sure  Library Genesis is also good for obtaining  unauthorized  pdfs of a whole lot of books  I always check there before Amazon . I will have to check that out  is that legal to use  I am taking my masters and books cost too much. The uploads are probably copyright violations  but I ve never heard of anybody having trouble over downloading from it  And any academic book you want there s a better than     chance you ll find it there  Just Google  Library Genesis  to find mirror sites  . wow  I will do that  thank you  Back to amazon though  jeff bezos has a clock in a mountain that will run for         i wonder why. It sounds a lot like something called the Long Now Project that did something similar  IIRC . I will have to look into that  that sounds interesting  I just googled library genesis  It was so nice chatting with you .Likewise  But I don t think we re quite done yet . Now we are  enjoy your weekend  .You too 
conversation_316 It looks like Apple is have some problems with its new HomePod product  Do you have one .No I don t have one  But my parents do have an Amazon Alexa and my brother has a Google home which are similar devices  do you have one by the way . Apple always overprices their stuff allowing others to offer products that are just as good at a lower price   Kids and young adults buy them because they are  cute  and popular in their little clicks . Yep I think so  It s crazy that there have been over four hundred million smart home devices shipped back in      and it is projected to reach almost   billion devices by the year      though  so they are definitely going to get more popular over time.I still feel stupid talking to an inanimate object  Siri wasn t even and Apple development   It was originally intended for Android but Apple bought it . Haha that s really weird  I also think it s weird that Apple went for the high end Market with their homepod  when you can get a Google home for about      a homepod goes for almost four hundred  that s definitely a rip off. Yeah  that s Apple   They have become more competitive but  face it  like everyone else their stuff is made somewhere in Asia  SO do you use something like Siri or Cortana . No I just stick to Google myself  I don t know what Google s voice assistant is called but it s not Siri or Cortana  what about you  What do you use.On my phone it s Google like you   On my laptop it s Cortana by I don t use it much    I didn t know there was a male Siri    a British guy .No I didn t know that either  I only heard the female Siri haha  What do you think about the fact that a Google search uses more computing power than the power it took to send an astronaut to the Moon.People back then were good with a slide rule   I think smart people will always be needed and computers will not take over the world .Yes I think so  What it is crazy how far technology has come  For instance Google can use Android devices on the roads to map traffic data.Yeah   I don t remember Google going down for   minutes in        It took     of web traffic with it   I probably thought it was a problem on my end . Wow that s a crazy amount of traffic  And no I don t remember that either  what do you think about the fact that Google Maps changes its Maps based on where you are searching from  That way if there is a dispute on a countries border it will create the border based on the user s location data .That is interesting    They sure go to a lot of trouble   Like when they used goats as lawn mowers   They clearly didn t know how ornery goats are . Haha that sounds like that would have taken a long time  what do you think about the fact that the CEO of Amazon actually built a clock into a mountain  I don t know why he would do that do you. Yeah  Bezos will do that in lieu of compensating his employees   He s another one of the lefty liberals that would disappear if you removed the hypocrisy from them   . LOL I like the way you think  it is crazy though that Amazon owns imdb com  I use that almost everyday for my movie collection.I love IMDB and was surprised to learn that   I also learned that the  st Amazon customer got a building named after him . Yeah that is shocking  And since I don t have an iPhone I wouldn t know this  but apparently if you ask Siri to sing a song then she will sing the song that HAL      sings in      A Space Odyssey which is definitely creepy haha.That would be a little creepy   Kubrick did the Hal      thing where it was kind of chilling     Thanks for the excellent chat 
conversation_317 hi how are you  do you use amazon . Hello I am doing great  I do  a little more than I want to though  how about you . I sometimes use it  when i dont have time to shop  i like to check things out in the store  if possible .It s sad but I have turned into the complete opposite  I only go to the store if it s not on amazon haha  I wish I was the first customer to buy something though .I would rather have amazon prime for life than a building named after me .Haha I would like that as well haha  Can you believe how many miles a day an Amazon worker walks a day . I think that they must lose a lot of weight  or get really bad knees LOL.I bet  I didn t even know IMDB was owned by Amazon too  They have the hand in every cookie jar haha . Yeah  soon amazon will own everything and we will all work at amazon     miles a day  can i do that at my age  LOL.I m only    and am dreading that just thinking about it lol  Maybe Google will try and stop them .Google and amazon will merge  all searches will produce amazon results  you will use your wages from google or amazon to buy goods online from amazon .It s like the movie terminator  SKYNET IS OUT TO GET US     haha it really is crazy how much stake Google has in the internet . google dominates  but there is always some upstart that unseats the dominant firm  i wonder who that will be . Well Google falls under Alphabet now  so I feel like they are getting prepared for that . Yes  from A to Z  they will control everything  oh  well  i for one hail our new corporate overlords .Apple even has a big piece of everything  Do you have an iPhone and use Siri .I dont have an iphone  too expensive  i really dont want an electronic pacifier in my pocket LOL.haha I have the iPhone SE which came out like   years ago haha  I hardly ever use Siri but people love her .Siri is probably convenient but isnt it always listening to you  i dont want that kind of eavesdropping .I m sure it is  Apple must have a lot of boring data on me haha . Yeah  me too  and i dont even use Apple  LOL anyway  great chat .Thanks you as well  Have a good night 
conversation_318 hi how are you  do you like to dance .I like to watch it  I know Bruce Lee was a great dancer and he won the Hong Kong Cha Cha Championship in      .i cant say that im surprised  he must have had a great sense of rhythm  i bet he was a real ladies  man . Yeah  I bet  Did you know ballet dancers can go through four pairs of pointe shoes in a week . if i were a dancer  i would go through a dozen  LOL  i cannot dance  really .Me too  Did you know Michael Jackson has a patent .is that the patent on the shoes for that special lean  he really was a genius .It was a device used to achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves . yeah  thats it  i was never any good at dancing  i wonder if you have to start when youre young . Well  I know babies spontaneously dance when they hear music  Maybe the better dancers heard a lot of music when they were younger .i wonder if i heard enough music  maybe that was it  maybe i missed by window  oh well . Yeah  maybe  I know they smile more when they hit the bet .I use smile when i hit a bet too  LOL i heard that tupac was a dancer back in high school . Yeah  I think he danced in the Nutcracker in HS . I bet he was really good too  he was a backup dancer for digital underground later on  by the way  are you a fan of snakes .No  I m not crazy about snakes  There s no snakes in New Zealand .so ive heard  i guess i would move there if i had a phobia of snakes  i have never seen a flying snake  that would be frightening . No  basically they re legless lizards without limbs . oh  ok  The fear of snakes is hard wired  in human brains  i guess that makes sense  we needed it for evolution . Yeah  can you believe that crocodiles are more closely related to birds than to snakes . i guess scales and feathers are analogous  i never know they were related  Anyway  great chat . Yeah  good talking with you too 
conversation_319  Hi  Are you familiar with Bad Times at the El Royale  I feel it basically defies expectations even though not all of its surprises are pleasant but there is satisfaction  however . hi how are you  I have heard of it  it is a movie that came out recently  right . Not too long ago and it s basically set in      and is also kind of a B movie  black comedy and mystery  Drew Goddard directed it as well .A B movie  Great  that sounds fun  low budget  doesnt take itself too seriously . Exactly  So are you a horror fan in general  I watch horror films as a workout because you can burn over     calories just by watching them  surprisingly enough . I thnk the first time it would burn that many  but the second time maybe not  not so scary  . That is a good point  But you know what else is crazy  they say if you view abstract art after watching a horror film  you ll enjoy it a lot more  I need to try that .How does that even work  is your brain more active  more emotionally sensitive . I would imagine so  It s so weird  isn t it  I tell you what else is weird  Stephen King once said Bambi was the first horror movie he watched  Can you believe that  He definitely has a twisted mind  doesn t he .He probably was traumatized by that disney flick and ended up fascinated with the macabre .Agreed  You know what else gets me  Danny from The Shining didn t actually know he was acting in a horror movie until years later  It s like how did he not know .I guess he was     slow  i dont know  what kind of movie did he imagine it to be . That s what I m wondering  Ha  But enough of this horror talk  or else I m going to get scared  Ha  Are you a fantasy fan at all  I d like to join the national spelling bee fantasy draft one of these days .I have never down fantasy sports  I guess the appeal is that you compete and can make some money .I guess so  But I also think it s cool that a single fold in our brains basically separate how we perceive reality and fantasy  That s truly amazing .I wonder if my fold has come unfolded in recent years  i feel that my time on the internet has blurred the line . Ha  I know what you mean  It is hard to distinguish at times  isn t it  Maybe we should start writing fantasy  Then hopefully we can be knighted for our services to literature like author Terry Pratchett was .Terry is a great writer  He deserves the recognition  do we have to call him sir terry though . I suppose he s earned that title  Ha  On a similar fantasy note   if you would consider this movie fantasy like I kind of do   do you like Thor  I think it s crazy Ant Man of all characters made his Marvel debut before Thor and even Hulk  Iron Man and Spider Man  Isn t that unbelievable . I havent seen thor  I guess it could be good  i like the norse myths  Anyway  great chat . It s a great movie  Marvel Studios produced it and Paramount distributed it  Plus it was directed by Kenneth Branagh and written by both Zack Stentz and Ashley Edward Miller  Well  it was great chatting with you as well  Hope you have a good night  friend . Yes  i enjoyed chatting too  Have a good weekend . And same to you  Be sure to check out Thor this weekend  If you like Anthony Hopkins  Idris Elba  Natalie Portman or Chris Hemsworth  then this is the movie for you  Ha  Take care  friend 
conversation_320 Good morning  As someone who suffers from ophiophobia  I am pleased to learn there are no snakes in New Zealand .I hate snakes .Did you know that there is even a flying snake . No I did not   But crocodiles  which I also hate  are related more to birds than snakes  . I like the crocs  and I guess monkey s share our fear of snakes . They must be smart  lol   What about the legless lizards   They look like snakes . I don t like those either  nor eels  I do think it s fascinating that they have their paired organs one in front of another  opposed to side by side . That is fascinating   I also think that the fact that In Britain  politicians had tomwear a top hat if making a point of order in the house of commons until      . That s insane  Kinda like people thinking that in the old west  the bowler was most popular  not the cowboy hat . Oh really  neat   When someone tips their hat to you  it originated from knights lifting their face visors to show friendliness . I did know that  It was explained to us at Medieval Times  Yet  the length of ladies hatpins were regulated  so they could not be used as a weapon .That sounds reasonable   Some hats even have religious fuct.Do you know what the function of the turban worn by Sikhs is . No but I know it s a religious thing  just like mitres worn by Bishops . The chef s Toque is just silly  it gets in the way and looks like a coffee filter . lol  yes it does   Do you like to Dance   Did you know that Bruce Lee was actually a great dancer   He won the Hong Kong cha cha championship in      .I don t dance  I am not cordinated at all  I like watching people dance  I think its cute how babies break out in dance when they hear music .That is adorable   My wife has a degree in dance   She told me that professional ballet dancers can go through   pair of pointe shoes in a week . I think it s fascinating that Michael Jackson s shoes were responsible for that extreme lean in his dance moves  I always thought he wore disguised pointe shoes .I also saw he has a patent on the device used for that lean .That is insane  Almost as crazy as Tupac being a ballet dancer in high school . Well  have a great day 
conversation_321 Are you a fan of horror films .I am a definite no on that . I m not either to be honest  What about Fantasy films  do you watch them  .I ll take back a bit  I like Edgar Allen Poe  I know watching horror movies can burn up to     calories . Interesting  So instead of going to the gym  you just sit there and watch the movies  .Right  Did you know Bambi terrified Stephen King . I m not surprised  Bambi does die in the end  .I m glad  I know if you watch a horror movie before you view abstract art you will enjoy the art more . Interesting  any type of specific artists  or just abstract art  .I think just abstract art . Ok  I wonder why that is  Any ideas as to why this occurs  .None at all  It s hard to believe Danny the boy from the shining did not know he was acting in horror film .Interesting  I didn t know that  Did you know that they have fantasy draft spelling bees . No  I did not  A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy  . Interesting  I didn t realize that  Have you heard of the fantasy called  In the Realms of the Unreal  . No  what is it about . It s apparently a fantasy  but I m not sure what it is about  . Oh  okay  I know fantasy has evolved into various media including film  TV  graphic novels and more . Wow  That is really cool  What about Thor  have you seen it  .I have heard of Thor  I know it is a      American superhero film based on Marvel Comics character of the same name . Yeah  it is pretty good  I saw the first one and kind of liked it  
conversation_322 Did you happen to see Bad Times at the El Royale . I did  and I thought it was much better than what I expected  what about you .I went to the theater  I know it did not do well in the theater and that s too bad  It was good and I m a big fan of Drew Goddard and Jeff Bridges . I liked Cynthias performance I thought she was pretty good  I liked that each had a different skeleton and hidden problems.Yes she was amazing  I liked the intrigue and mystery as well  Drew Goddard also did Cabin in the Woods  Are you a fan of horror movies . I am a fan of horro movies  what about you  do you like them .I love them  Did you know that watching horror movies burns over     calories . I didnt  I guess Im going to watch a few this weekend lol  do you know who Stephen King is .I love Stephen King  My book shelf that just hold his works is literally bowing from the weight .Well aparently he was afraid of Bambi and that was the first horror movie he ever watched . I can see that being very upsetting  Old Disney movies are brutal  Speaking of King  the boy who played Danny in The Shining was not aware they were filming a horror movie  . I wonder how that worked lol  it was a really scary movie  probably best if they tricked him .I totally agree  It s intense  Have you ever heard of an instrument called a waterphone . I havent heard of that instrument  I wonder how its used or its applications .It s actually used to make the creepy metallic noises you hear in horror movies  I always wondered what made that sound . Oh I see  I wonder how it sounds like thoug  do you like fantasy .I like some fantasy  I like Terry Pratchett who was knighted for his works and he certainly deserved that honor . He was knighted because of his apportations to literature right  Im more of a Superhero fan  I guess that counts as fantasy as well  .That is correct  I can see that counting  I think fantasy drafting has become out of control  People have fantasy drafts for the national spelling bee now .Thats crazy lol I heard about congress fantasy but spelling bee fantasy    thats just weird.It has definitely gone way too far 
conversation_323 Isn t it amazing that British politicians were forced by law to wear a top hat .I wonder what the story is on that  I m going to look up bowler hat.The bowler hats were extremely popular in the old west .I looked at a picture of bowler hat  I think I like cowboy hat better  Or those Mexican hats  Those are cool. They do look very similar to the cowboy hats  no wonder they were so popular .They are cute but maybe that s why I don t like them  I don t see kippa mentioned.I like to wear hate  I tip my hat to greet people when I m wearing one .I don t like to wear a hat unless it s to keep the sun out of my face.Are you afraid of snakes . No  I think they are kind of cool  We have a snake man around here who visits jails and hospitals with his snakes  The kids love it. That s surprising  Like most people and other primates  I m so afraid of snakes .oh ya I saw this cat video where people had a cucumber and the cat thinks it s a snake and freaks out.I guess chats are scared of snakes too then  There are places in the world where there are no snakes at all . I meant to write Reptile man  not snake man  He has a webpage.I think snakes are reptile  Snakes are different from lizards though . I m going to look up  legless lizard . I ve seen those before  they look like snakes  but they re not snakes . wow  interesting  My daughter works for a veterinarian that sees pretty much any kind of animal. There are so many types of snakes  I m sure she has seen all of them including flying snakes .I should ask her  People have all kinds of pets like turtles and spiders.I just have a dog as my pet 
conversation_324  Hey hows it going  do you like fantasy or horror films the most .horror is the best  I love Edgar Allan Poe. The Raven is such a great book  I like both  I get scared easily at horror movies though but do with fantasy  they are both great though . I did not know that scream was going to be titled  scary movie  . Yah  what are those called  dark comedies right  .yes  The actors in the exorcist never knew that they were making a horror film  lol. It s crazy  I think a lot of people are like that in real life too  I wish more people would realize that it could be us like that  Isn t it nuts that a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy  .Thats deep  People could learn more about this at an actual university. They could  too bad not everyone has access to a university though  would help everyone out a lot if it was more profitable  the inequality gap in the US is getting ridiculous .Did you ever see Thor that came out in       . I did  I remember watching it in the movie theater  it s the fourth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  Loki seems like a bad guy you can root for  or am I mistaken .I have never seen it  I do like Chris Hemsworth. Yah he is a good actor  I like Natallie Portman and Tom HIddleston too  both great actors and actresses .I agree but Idris Elba and Anthony Hopkins are the best. Idris Elba is a great actor  did you see The Wire at all .one of the best shows ever  So Jim henson created  the dark crystal    I did not know that. I did not know that  Jim Henson created Seasame Street right . yes i grew up on that  I would love to see that        page fantasy manuscript .Or what about a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee  That s nuts people do that too  I wonder what Seasame Street would be like as a horror or fantasy show . lol good question  the lord of the rings won an academy award for  best picture  Good movie  . I m sure it was a good movie  I really can t get into that type of fantasy movies  same with Game of Thrones  I know they are great pieces of art and so good  I just don t really like watching them  there is a lot of good take aways from the movies though about how the world should be  Terry Pratchett was knighted for his services to literature  and he s a comedic fantasy author .Very good point  I love all Fantasy movies in both literature and drama  enjoy your fantasy movies  
conversation_325  Hey  Did you know that until       British politicians had to wear a top hat when making a point of order in the house of commons . I did not know that  but it could be because hats are worn for various reasons which include ceremonial ones  like the house of commons . Exactly  The most popular hat in the Old West was actually the bowler  not the Cowboy hat . So you are saying that all of the westerns have got it wrong  Haha  all of the cowboys should have been wearing bowler hats  doesn t make them seem quite as tough  . I guess so  I was surprised when I learned that  Imagine the Marlboro cowboy in a bowler  That wouldn t work though  because a cowboy really does need a cowboy hat to protect against the sun and rain . I agree  it is just not the same  You know how cowboys would tip their hats in greeting  That originated from knights raising their face visors to show they were friendly  . That s very interesting and makes sense  How do you feel about snakes  I m not a big fan  I d go to New Zealand  where there are none . I would be joining you in New Zealand  Snakes make my skin crawl  always have  It is a long held fear of mine  New Zealand is lucky .Yeah that s how I feel too  There is a genus of flying snakes that can launch themselves  If I saw that in person I would die . I would as well  it is bad enough to see them slither around  but flying   no  I was reading that the fear of snakes is hard wired not just in human brains  but in monkey brains as well  . Well humans and monkeys are distantly related lol  There are legless lizards also  I don t mind legged lizards  but I don t think I would look at a legless lizard as anything less than a snake . If it doesn t have legs  I am checking out  A legless lizard is a snake  You know  I was reading that crocodiles are closer related to birds then snakes and lizards  I would have never guessed that  . Haha checking out  Agreed  I wouldn t have guessed that about crocodiles either  I always call alligators crocodiles dinosaurs  and I heard that chickens are likely descendants of dinosaurs   so maybe I am onto something  . If you have seen Jurassic park and believe it  I kinda do  then you would agree  Hey  do you like dancing  Did you know that it can be categorized and described by its choreography  I am horrible  but its fun  .I love Jurassic Park and I do love dancing  I m not the best dancer either but I have a good time  Apparently Bruce Lee was a great dancer and won the Hong Kong cha cha championship in      .I bet that is why he was so good at martial arts  Dancing probably helped keep him limber and light on his feet  I feel like those would be important skills to have . Good point  Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music and smile more when they hit the beat  I can attest to that  I have one at home and he loves music . That is adorable  baby dancing is the best  it is so pure for the joy of it  You know who else was a dancer  Tupac  he danced ballet  That is unexpected  .Whoa I didn t know that and I m a Tupac fan  Very unexpected  Professional ballet dancers can go through   pairs of pointe shoes in a week  I know he wasn t wearing those though . No  can you imagine him performing California Love wearing point shoes and doing ballet  It would be funny  but probably ruin the effect of the song  .Hahahaha very true  Well I thoroughly enjoyed this chat  Have a wonderful day night . Same to you  take care   .You as well 
conversation_326 Hi do you like DIsney .Yeah I do  Do you know what the real name of Minnie is .Yes her name is Minerva but I like Minnie better.Yeah me too  Have you heard about the culture of hidden mickey mouse .Yeah they hide stuff on everything disney for people to find.Yeah pretty cool  Do you know who Bill Nye is .Yeah the is the science guy and he worked with disney for the Flubber movies.Yeah he is in a lot of things now  Do you like the Pixar studio movies . I love them especially wall e  have you seen it .I have and loved it  Do you know who it is a tip of the hat to . Yes to Walter Elias Disney  which is very fitting as he started the whole thing.Yeah it is fitting indeed  DO you use google a lot . Yes I do  is the got to search engine for me  Do you know when it was founded .Yes in      so it has been around for a while now and I am glad for it.Me too  DO you know how they calculate traffic .Yes they actually take the average of how fast android devices are moving.Yes  They once hired goats to mow their lawn instead of people. Yeah that is pretty neat  everyone benefited there.Exactly  A single google search uses more computing power than it took to sen    astronauts to the moon.That is insane indeed  It once went down for   minutes and took     of traffic with it. No wonder they are this big  so many people are using them
conversation_327 Hello there hope you re doing well  Do you like the fantasy genre  I like it because it s roots are in oral traditions .I like fantasy drafts  Lol.Yeah fantasy drafts are fun  and even fantasy drafts are done for the national spelling bee .I haven t ever done that  There is also a draft for congress .Type of people participate in these things  I think it would be boring  A single fold in the brain makes a difference between perceiving reality and fantasy .Have you ever heard of terry pratchett.Yeah I think so I can t believe he was knighted for services to literature  He must have made some great contributions .He really has  What an honor as well .Yeah he must ve been so proud  There was once a janitor from Chicago who wrote over six years of fantasy manuscript  He must ve really been into it .Yeah that is a long time to write something  He must have been really devoted .Agreed  I bet he would ve love to work for Disney  Bill Nye actually work for Disney as a consultant for Disney s flubber .really  Thats cool  I always liked bill nye.Yeah he seems like a good guy  The Disney character Minnie mouse s name is short for Minerva mouse .I heard that actually .Yeah I think it s interesting I never knew it  There s a whole subculture dedicated to finding hidden Mickey mouse images in all things Disney  I didn t know they hid things .You would think they would have better stuff to do . Yeah some people have too much time on their hands  Disney s big hero six was rendered using a        core super computer  Wow .Have you ever seen Wall E. Nope I have never seen that movie  is it good  It looks like Pixar honored Walter Elias Disney in the name .Yeap they sure did .I love having Google because I can look up anything I don t know  A single search requires a ton of computing power 
conversation_328 Have you ever read a wrinkle in time .I have not  What is it about .It is a fantasy where the main hero is a little girl  Apparently publishers were not a fan when it was first being sent out for publication .Interesting  There is a university where you can study science fiction and fantasy literature with a concentration in Tolkien studies .That would be an amazing class  I think there is so much to be learned from those great books .I think so too  Jim Henson created The Dark Crystal with the idea that it was unhealthy for children never to be afraid .Hmm I could see that being true  If children have no fear then they are liable to get into anything  Healthy fear isn t a bad thing .I agree  Do you like Walt Disney .I like some of their stuff  A few things are a bit underhandedly political for my taste but most is good  You . Yep  I like Walt Disney  The Disney channel doesn t accept outside ads  Did you know that .I didn t know that  Makes sense though because then they can direct traffic toward their products and shows .Yep I agree  Walt Disney and Salvador Dali once collaborated on a short film .That is awesome  i think my favorie disney film would have to be either big hero   or the incredibles . Yea those are both good ones  Disney makes        per second .Wow that is just a insane amount of money  Hopefully they are doing some good work with all that cash .I bet they are  Walt Disney was fired from his job at a local newspaper for not being creative enough .That seems very strange but I guess the times where different on what people considered entertainment .Do you use Google .I do use it quite a bit  Gmail is great  Do you like it .I love Google  I pretty much use it daily .I think they are probably the most used site ever  Look at what happened back in      when it went down for   minutes  Internet use dropped     .It was good talking to you 
conversation_329  A Wrinkle in Time was a great film with an interesting cast  what are your thoughts . Well  good morning   I actually have never seen that movie  have you . I have  its actually pretty good  you should watch it  Oprah  Winfrey is a part of the cast. Well  anything with Ms  O in it is probably pretty good   I ll give it a look when I get a chance . You should  I think it was also a book  well best movies come out of great books. Yes  they do  Do you watch Disney Channel . I do like the Disney Channel yeah  why do you ask .Do you know they don t accept outside ads   The only commercials it airs are for its own shows and Disney products . It seems like they are loosing a lot of money there  did you watch the movie Big Hero   . I don t think so   Yes  I loved Big Hero    so did my kids   Speaking of Disney  did you know Walt Disney was fired from his job at a local newspaper for not being creative enough . Well the movie Big Hero   was made with a       core super computer  amazing right  and he was fired wow  that is funny and ironic. Amazing  what a computer that was   Did you know that Walt Disney and Salvadore Dali collaborated on a short film . I didnt  no  I might have to Google that later  do you know Bill Nye the science guy . Yes  I ve watched him many times on tv . And what about the movie Flubber  do you remember that movie . Yes  I do  Old version and the newer one . I didnt know there was a new version  anyway  he is the science consultant in the old version of the movie. That s cool  Here s a fun fact for you  type the word  askew into Google and watch the page tilt .I just did it and nothing happened maybe they fixed that issue already . Maybe so  Do you know new Google employees are called  nooglers  . That seems kind of messed up  I think the beanies are funny  the ones the make the nooglers wear 
conversation_330   Hello   did you know that more than     of the earths forests have been destroyed .That is sad  I hope we can reverse that  statistic .Yeah that is really sad   I recently read that earth will be helium free by the end of the   st century . I also think it is interesting that when earth was formed  a day was only     hours long  I wonder why that changed . I don t know   maybe it slowed its rotation eventually   That s pretty weird   .Do you believe in aliens  The UN appointed ambassadors to extraterrestrials . Yes   definitely   Thats cool lol at least they are prepared   Do you believe in aliens .I am not sure  I feel like there is more life out there  I wonder if they will make contact with earth . Im assuming so   otherwise what would the ambassador have to study   lol how else can he be prepared if theres no evidence .I am not sure  Do you have any pets . Yup   I have a dog   How about you .I have a cat  Did you know that there are cat cafes in japan and taiwan where people can pay hourly to play with cats and have drinks . lol yeah   theres all sorts of cafes like that   Ive been to a meerkat cafe   a bird cafe and a raccoon cafe before  .That is really interesting  I would like that  I wish i slept as much as cats  When a cat reaches    years old it has usually spent    years of its life sleeping .Thats a lot of sleeping   Theres is a cat named stubbs in alaska that is a mayor lol.I love that  It has been the mayor since      .lol I wonder how they decided that or what his duties are lol.I wonder if he is a stray  The cat in the godfather   opening scene was a stray that was found on set . Wow   I hope that cat got paid   thats a very popular movie .I hope he was adopted after .lol yeah   Its been fun chatting 
conversation_331  As libraries close  I wonder if it is still true there are more libraries than mcdonalds What do you think . I think its possible  They are very useful for everyone  The sacramento library even has a library of things.A prisoner used the library resources to become a lawyer .I know  it was a really good use of resources  He proved his innocence and now helps others do the same. That s amazing  There are all kinds of old stats and info to discover  too .Yeah you can get unrestricted access to information in many different formats.Appling was busted on an old baseball story because researchers contradicted his claim .I heard he was really good at fouling pitches  Including    straight .It would be great to see a new interview with him but he passed away in      .Yeah I would like to hear his opinion on Belt s    pitch at bat.I wonder if he would change when presented with the Yankees stats .He had a good time playing against Red Ruffing  He liked messing with him.It sounds like Appling used that strategy a lot .Unfortunately we dont have enough stat going back far enough since at bats and pitch by pitch only started getting record in     . He bragged about fouling out players .Do you think Brandon Belt could do the same.He used the same strategy to run out    minutes    seconds of gametime .Thats a long time in baseball     fouls.It is the longest at bat since they kept stats on that .Did you know baseball managers wear uniforms because they can technically play for their team .So they re ready to go on the field and sub in .I believe so  That would be something to see 
conversation_332  hey did you know that when I cat gets to be    years old  it has on average slept for about    years  so     of its lifespan.That doesn t surprise me actually   i saw something funny the other day that in Japan that have what is called Cat Cafe s where people pay hourly to play with cats. ha that is crazy  I just got back from a pet store and held a dog actually  I m not much of a cat person  are you . No  I m not but was reading an article where the town of Talkeetna  AL has had a cat named Stubbs as it s mayor since     . that is funny  I like the movie the Godfather a lot  apparently the cat used in the beginning scenes was found on the set and was actually a stray.What about birds  do you like them   I think hummingbirds are amazing   They steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nest. haha that is funny  I do like birds  I think it would be scary to be in Austrailia and birds there can mimic different sounds  like you re walking along and think someone is chasing you with a chainsaw  but it s just a bird making that sound haha.wow that would be scary   I saw that the famously discint do do bird is actually a sub family of pigeon. that is wild  I know people hunted the dodo because they were eating them  so I guess if we want to know what they tasted like we could try pigeon haha.this is interesting   In most birds the bones are so hollow that their entire skeleton weighs less than their feathers. that is wild  I think it s crazy that there are birds that fly the distance of Alaska to Mexico without sleeping  thats a lot of endurance .I saw that human activity threatens about      bird species with extinction. ya that is sad  we are using up earth s resources  and I know that by the end of the   st century we will have run out of helium which is very important for manufacturing.Wow that is crazy   more than    percent of the earths natural forest have already been destroyed. ya that is sad  what s really crazy is how quickly this is happening  so far humans would only represent about a minute if you consider the entire history of earth to be    hours long.Ok so this is totally of subject but the united nations appointedd official ambassadors to extraterrestrials. haha I wonder how they appointed that guy  like he essentially knows that he will never have to work  like what does that guy do all day  I want his job haha.Exactly that is so funny   Did you that over     billion humans live on Earth and depend on its biosphere and natural resources for their survival. I didn t that s a ton of people  I wonder if an alien would be overwhelmed at the number of people on earth  like they would have to wonder how big of a planet this is and how it supports so much life.Good question   I read that the earth is the densest planet in the solar system and largest of the four terrestrial planets. I could see that  what I really want is for scientists to find alien life in my lifetime though  we need to go back to the moon  haha
conversation_333  hi  do you know much about planet earth .I know that    percent of our forests have already been destroyed.yeah and that is so sad  did you know the day used to be     hours only  .It is really sad considering that humans have only been here a minute if earth s history was viewed as a    hour period  I did not know that about the day being so short.Yeah when you think about it it makes it ever sadder to what we are doing to this planet. Well  the UN has appointed an official ambassador to extraterrestrials so hopefully we make some alien friends soon so we can move planets  . haha  that would be kind of cool  apparently earth will be helium free by the end of this century.No more helium balloons  Aww   . I know  but maybe it is for the better  do you like animals.I don t really like them as pets but in nature yes  It s sad that the dodo bird is extinct  I hope we stop destroying the earth and habitats for animals  The dodo bird was actually a sub family of pigeon .Yeah and I think it was a nice looking bird  I hope so too  their bones are lighter than their feathers. Yeah  this is due to their bones being hollow . yeah  I guess that makes sense for them since they need to fly. Right  I think wild birds in Australia are neat but would probably drive me insane  They can mimic camera  car alarms  and chainsaw sounds . hahaha I can imagine that  going out everytime to check if the car is alright.Another neat thing to observe would be a hummingbird stealing a spiderweb s nest .they are so tiny and yet so smart. Sorry  I meant stealing webs to repair their nests  Yeah  bird brains are tiny but they seem so intelligent .That is true  How do you feel about cats .I do not really like them but there is a stray cat that is super sweet and cuddles with me even though I tell her no  It is pretty cute  How about you .I like cats too  there are cafes of them in japan.Nice  I would love to be a cat  They spend a lot of time sleeping 
conversation_334 Hello  How are you this morning .im doing well  sipping on my morning coffee  how about you .Same here  Enjoy that  Also enjoy helium because it s running out lol .it is    no way  what are we going to fill out balloons with .I m more worried about making funny voices lol  We are running out of so many things on this earth  Did you know    percent of forests have been destroyed . thats a sad thing to hear  but we still have a bunch  so imagine how many we used to have .I couldn t imagine  I wonder if that s why some birds fly from Alaska to Mexico without sleeping . they have to get to the warm  and fast  they must get tired making the long journey tho. I m sure they sleep for days haha  Birds are pretty smart  There are wilds birds in Australia that can mimic the sound of cameras  car alarms  and chainsaws .That s so funny  I wonder what their accents are like  Because birds have accents . I m picturing british and american birds talking to each other lol  I would like to see that  but also hang out with cats in Taiwan .id love to hear a bird with a cockneyed British accent  do you like cats . No I actually don t really like cats lol  but you can hang out with them at a cafe in Taiwan  I think that would be interesting . that would be interesting  but i would avoid it  im allergic .Wise person you are  Have you seen the godfather  I guess the cat in the opening scene was a stray they found on set .i actually havent but id love to  i wonder if they paid that cat SAG day rates. haha or in cat treats  I envy the life of a cat  it spends most of its life sleeping lol . that would be fun  so much better than working all day long.I agree  Would you ever want a cat as your town mayor .haha it would about as useful as my current mayor    what town elected a cat   . It was Talkeetna  Alaska  I m going to look more into that now  Have a great day  Awesome chat 
conversation_335  Hello there  do you follow baseball or MLB much . I do  although I haven t followed it much the past couple of years . I am the opposite  I have been following more closely these last few  especially this last season as my team almost made the world series  . Oh  which team is that  Is it the Cubs  They were the first team to win back to back World Series . No  I am a fan of the Brewers  I have never seen them play in a series  one game away   .What was the longest at bat you ve ever seen  There is some question as to what the longest at bat ever was . I don t know probably only    pitches or so  but I figure the longest is pretty darn long   Did you know managers can technically play if needed . I didn t know that  but it makes sense  Also  apparently the longest at bat ever was    pitches  . That is all  that doesn t seem like very many considering a full count is minimal   pitches   . Well  apparently there is some dispute  The  story  doesn t match any game on record  but the story has been told for over    years . Yeah and I guess the records began being kept in       so who knows what it was before that  . Yeah  I guess      is considered the modern era  Before that teams didn t watch stats too closely . That is crazy  that doesn t see that long ago   I m sure there are all kinds of crazy records before then  . Cy Young apparently won     games  now     is considered incredible  . Holy cow that is a crazy amount of baseball games to win  not just start  but win  .I can see why they named the yearly pitching trophy after him .Yeah I agree with you on that  Did you know that kickball is also called soccer baseball up in Canada .I didn t know that  Did you by chance read about that in the library which is a collection of information sources .Yeah isn t that pretty funny   I read that in some random facts I saw online . Ha  I like random facts  Did you know North Korea holds the record for the largest mass gymnastic performance . No  I didn t know that  what a weird record to go after   Well it was nice talking with you today  I hope you enjoy the rest of the day  
conversation_336 Do you like game of thrones . I do  its one of my favorite shows  Dacid Benioff is a genious  so much imagination  do you like the show .I do  He did a good job adapting Martin s fantasy novels into a tv series . George R  R  Martin is one of my favorite writters as well  I didnt know the show was filmed in Ireland  the country has beutiful landscapes.They did a good job worldbuilding and making a somewhat medieval setting. Yeah and also picking up the cast  like Harry Lloyd  he is a decendant of Dickens.Ya an talisa maegyr is played by charlie chaplin s granddaughter. A lot of talent in the show  there is a natgeo show called Game of Lions  seems like a fun show to watch lol.Well another good decision aside from the scene the director made is to film it in ireland  They actually get financed by ireland since the film would encourage tourism. I wonder if that strategy works for the country  I guess it does since many people around the world watch the show.I m sure it does  Which arcs did you enjoy the most of got. I liked the second story arc  that one was amazing what about you .I like the  rd arc since it makes everything else pale and insignificant in comparison  Oh but I liked it when jeffry died. Yeah Jeffry had it coming  it was a fair death  he was a cruel boy and the actor was pretty good.Are you excited for the  th season . I am  too bad its going to be the final one but I guess the show will leave on a high note. Honestly  I have no clue how they are going to fit all the action and story into   season when it took   to get here  I just hope it doesn t feel rushed or left a a cliff hanger  In any case  since the  rd arc focuses on the legendary dangers of the north threatening the known realm  there will be a battle to remember. Thats a sure thing  it will be a battle to remember and it feels rushed  theres a lot more the show can give us  I like how Arya acts as well  she has become a badass.I guess it is due to her success that the name Arya is rapidly becoming the popular girl baby name.Its funny how a show can have an influence even on things like that one. Indeed  In any case  thank you for the enjoyable chat about got and I hope you enjoy the  th season
conversation_337  Hi  how are you . Hi  I m doing good how are you . I m good  thanks for asking   Do you watch Game of Thrones . I ve never actually seen GOT  The only thing I know about it  is that it s a drama show . I ve watched it a few times  it s a pretty good show I ve never seen the National Geographic show called Game of lions  though   Have you . No  I can t say that I have  I haven t even heard of that either  What did you like about Game of Thrones . I like fantasy type shows and this one has a large cast with several plot lines going on at the same time   It holds your interest and is never boring  Scenery is beautiful  it gets filmed in Ireland  Canada Iceland  Malta Scotland  Spain  and the U S .I think the only guy I really know from the show is Peter Dinklage because he won an Emmy for being on the show . Well  Charlie Chaplin s granddaughter plays Talis on the show  also .That is interesting  The show comes on HBO right  I ll have to check it out sometime . Yes  it does   Just binge watch it  all seven seasons   The eighth season doesn t premiere until April  so you have some time to get up to speed  it s worth watching .Eight seasons  That means it came out in       That is a long time for a show to be on and still being successful . Yeah  that long   It has a big following  so much so that Arya the name of one of the characters is the fastest rising baby name for girls in the U S .That is a little disturbing  Not sure I would name my kid from a TV show  I think the actor that played Arya was actually her first role in anything . I know right   I wouldn t either  but some people are very big fans  Lol.I m not that big of a fan of anything  Lots of celebrities are overrated  In      Paris Hilton was voted the most overrated celebrity . Me either and I remember when Paris Hilton was everywhere   I wish the Kardashians would go the same way   They are way overrated  as well   . Yeah  the Kardashians are the very definition of celebrity  They garner so much public attention by mass media and I have no clue what they are actually known for .I don t think nobody does  Lol Do you know that Robin Williams started the trens of celebrities doing the voices in animated movies   He was the best doing the Genie s voice in Aladdin . I didn t know he was responsible foe that at all  That is very interesting  but I did know he was the voice of Genie  The guy was a national treasure . Yes  he was  gone much too soon  Well  it s been nice talking with you this morning   I hope you have a good day  
conversation_338 Hi There   Looking forward to chat with You     . Hi  how are you doing .pretty good thx    Did You hear the universe may be one giant superhologram   I can t seem to wrap my head around it    can You  . i did not  that would be pretty wild  they should make a commercial about that. They should make a National Geographic special   lol  even then I don t know if I would understand that    .they should  i like the theory that there is one electron in the universe .ugh    another one    I m Polish man    cut me some slack here   .I am sorry .I am too       I m saying it s another subject I don t understand    one electron   What does that mean   I thought there are billions of them   . i thought so as well  maybe the theory is we are all super small .Hey    there is nothing small about me man    lol. I got you haha  what do you think abuot celebrities  judge judy makes         per episode apparently . That s really a lot    I mean I like her  but I remember when I was much younger  I thought she is not a real judge    that it s just a show   .She makes the second most of any celebrity other than lebron James actually . Oh  You re a fan     . I think he is a great player  but I love Dirk Nowitzki a lot more.I don t think I know him    what team is he playing in  . he is on the mavericks  i read that pixar has a secret room for celebrities  that is pretty cool .They do work with a lot of celebrities so I guess that makes sense  I always liked Pixar   beautiful graphics and great sense of humor   . they really do make some great and wholesome movies  i liked alladdin with robin williams . That was done by Pixar   I don t think so  but I might be mistaking   . it may have just been disney  they work so closely it gets confusing
conversation_339 Do you watch Game of Thrones . Hi  I have never seen it  What about you .Are you kidding  its like the best show ever you should really watch it it has about   seasons.Haha I ve been wanting to watch it  I saw Harry Lloyd is the great great grandson of Charles Dickens . You should watch it  and yeah the show has a great casting  its based on the novels by George R R Martin  his a great writer   .Very cool  I saw Charlie Chaplin s granddaughter plays Talisa . Yeah she is one of the main characters of the show  I feel sad because the eight season is the final one so in April the beggining of the end will happen  .Oh wow that is sad  I saw there is a Nat Geo show called Game of Lions that follows a pack of lions around . That show must be really good  I wonder if they named the show after Game of Thrones  .I think so  Do you know much about the universe . I love reading about the universe its one of my passions  what about yourself  .I feel the same way  There are scientists who think the universes evolve through natural selection like species here on Earth . That is an interesting theory  they might be on to something  there is also a theory that states that the universe is one giant super hologram .Interesting   a giant hologram  I saw there are stars cold enough to be touched by human hands . That is also a cool fact  then there s also the theory that there s only one electron in the universe .That is a very interesting theory  Do you follow celebrities . I do follow them  many of them make lots of money I kind of envy that.Me too  Pixar has a secret room often visited by celebrities . It does  I wonder who has been there before  maybe Robin Williams before he past away  .Possibly  He was the voice of the Genie in the Aladdin movie . Yeah he was the voice of Aladdin in animated films and left a big legacy behind as he started this trend of celebrity voices of animated films  anyway its been great chatting  .Such a shame he passed away  Good chatting with you too  Take care 
conversation_340 did you know that Tom Cruise spent ten million dollars to make a bunker that protects him from aliens lol. I did not  I wonder if it was from the star that flickers some people think it is aliens . that would be scary  according to the xfiles  aliens would colonize earth in       at least that never came to pass . Thankfully  They named it Tabby s star . ah interesting  I guess the alien figures from the Aliens movies were based on sea creatures from deep in Earth s ocean. Wow  That star has its own subreddit . that is weird  did you know that it might be aliens  Astronomers have discovered a system that is     light years away with the building blocks of life . I believe it the universe is huge  earth is also     billion years old . that is crazy  I didn t know that uranus rolls around sideways in its orbit instead of just spinning like Earth does. Interesting  What is kind of sad is that    percent of earths forests have been destroyed . yes that is sad  also crazy that when the earth was made a day was only about   hours long  thats a super fast day . Wow  also interesting is the core is molten lava but the caps are ice . ya that is interesting  it s scary to me that we wilsl run out of helium by the end of this century  I know that it s very important for manufacturing electronics. That cant be good  hopefully they invent a way to create it . yes I agree  crazy that we will run out of helium but humans have only been on this planet for about a minute if you count the planet s history as a    hour day.That is not very long at all  There is a planet where it rains glass . ha that would be wild to see  I wondder if that planet has aliens  I guess firefighters are trained on how to treat aliens in case they ever visit  which seems like a waste of time haha. I guess better safe than sorry  Jupiter s moon would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun . that is crazy  also with venus  I don t know if you know  but it has no seasons and is the only planet to spin clock wise  the rest spin counter clockwise. I did not know that  The name of Jupiter s moon is Ganymede  kind of odd huh . that is very odd  I don t know who dreamed that up but I would have come up with a better name myself 
conversation_341 Earth is the third planet from the sun and it is the only planet to have water in liquid form . Yeah and Earth s surface is covered by about     water  mostly oceans .Only    water is fresh water which is used for drinking  Earth has one natural satellite is Moon  The earth receives its light and heat from the sun .Yeah and scientists say that earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the   st century  Crazy .The earth spins on its own axis it causes for the day and night changes  If day in one part of the earth may be other part of earth have night . Earth s axis is tilted with respect to it s orbital plane  producing seasons  Thank goodness for seasons  My favorite is Spring .The layer of the lithosphere is the upper most layer  Almost     of earth surface is covered with water remaining     is of water  The polar region are covered with snow or ice . Hm  The planet Uranus actually rotates sideways and  rolls  around the sun rather than  spinning  like other planets .Very interesting  Already     of forest area in the world has been destroyed which results in global warming and climate changes and affects the green houses of the environment  Lot of pollution also . Yeah  sadly mostly human activities are to blame for that  including massive deforestation for many reasons  . Planet is a term that has been used since ancient times in the context of history  astrology  science  mythology and religion  There are five planets visible to naked eyes in the solar system . Yep  I ve seen all of the naked eye planets  Have you . Yes  Venus rises before the sun  so early that it is called the morning star .Ah yes  Have you ever seen Jupiter or Saturn with just your eyes .It is small planet we can see them with the help of telescope .Jupiter s moon Ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun  It s so big .Jupiter is the only planet which largest amount of artfical satellite . I think Earth is the planet with the largest amount of artificial satellites  Jupiter likely has the largest natural satellites  which we call moons .Earth has only one natural satellite is moon . Yes that s true  Sometimes the moon is called Luna  The moon is responsible for making the earth s tides  via the tidal bulge of the planet  .It is very interesting news .It was nice talking to you  Goodbye    
conversation_342 Do you truly believe aliens exist .Yes I do   I don t think we are all alone in this universe   What do you think .To be honest it has to be possible think about all the species of animals especially the ones we don t even know about in the ocean  Dolphins are already smarter then us so how could aliens not exist. I so believe we ll eventually find some   But  I feel kind of like Stephen Hawking  it s dangerous to be communicating with them .But what if people like stephan hawking understood things we dont  he is on another level of intelligence kind of like elon musk they are the human versions of aliens with their brains. I agree with you about that   If we found some aliens  I d say let s watch them for a good long time before any attempts at communication and they probably feel the same way about communicating with us . Exactly if aliens wanted to harm us they could have easily already have done it  they don t want to interfere with us we shouldn t interfere with them. I agree  there s something to it  though when the UN has a contigency plan in place should aliens ever attempt to contact the Earth   So  somebody knows something  they just can t alert the masses and create panic around the world .So true and don t you find it wierd how drones were first military technology and then a couple of years later it becomes available to the public  Where did the military steal their ideas from drone technology from . The same place they stole a whole bunch of their other  ideas    It s just a matter of time  but hopefully Trump will have his Space force up and running by then  Lol.We re getting into alex jones and joe rogan territory here lol you should watch that on youtube so you can have a good laugh. I ll have to check it out  for sure   On a side note  I hear that the Hudson Bay region of Canada has less gravity than the rest of Earth  Wonder why .Might have something to do with magnetic fields we need to get neil degrasse tyson on the case he ll figure it out. Lol  I m just wondering  will I be lighter on my feet there   And will the weight of the world not feel like its on my shoulders   Asking for a friend .LOL these are the real questions the people want to know.Exactly   I read that Jupiter saves the Earth from getting hit by so many asteroids   That s very nice of it .Poor jupiter its basically a giant shield for our great ball of water.True and poor old Pluto lost its designation as a planet   Wow .Pluto will always be a planet in my heart lol they can t just suddenly change something like that. That s how I feel too  about little ole Pluto   I feel like the bullies are picking on him and I need to stand up and defend the little guy   .Listen Pluto will always be a planet there s probably support groups for this kind of thing lol. I hear ya   Well  it s been fun chatting with you  friend   I bid you good night .Have an awesome night go watch alex jones and joe rogan real quick on youtube and have a laugh. Ok  will do 
conversation_343  Hi  how are you . Great  how are you .I am well  Do you believe in aliens . The one s from space  Not likely to have happened  though there is life on other planets  What about you .Not really  I am not even remotely interested in space so I usually ignore that stuff  X files on the other hand   .The aliens missed their colonization date  Why so close to Christmas  I guess the winter solstice is a good date .What a bunch of downers  At least we have will smith to protect us .Did you know that over    percent of the Earth s forests have already been destroyed  Maybe the aliens will be appalled at the destruction and leave .Or our level of stupidity and move on so we don t ruin their planet . In September       the UN appointed an ambassador to extraterrestrials in case they make contact with us  I wonder how you quality for THAT job  Seems like there would be little to do . Yeah  I am not sure that s a full time job   Any aliens today    No    See you tomorrow  .There seems to be more pressing problems  Earth will be helium free by the end of the   st century  Where will we get helium for our balloons  Maybe the aliens will bring some for us . Can helium be created in a lab  On a personal note  I have two helium balloons stuck in my vaulted ceiling  That helium lasts for at least   weeks  It is getting tiresome  . In      Tom Cruise spent millions on an underground bunker to protect himself from aliens  Maybe he knows some of the firefighters trained in treating aliens  in the event of a UFO crash  Or maybe he has a secret helium source . As long as he is not jumping on the couches in his bunker  I am fine with it  He seems a little weird   . Speaking of weird  the world s longest name is a story about a shepherd protecting his sheep and humanity from aliens  Who has this name  and why  Are the parents X files fans .Aliens were based of creatures found in the ocean  I feel like there is a lot in the ocean we do not know about . We haven t been around very long  If Earth s history were viewed as a    hour period  we would only represent   minute and    seconds  . You re right  that s not long at all . When Earth was first formed a day was only     hours long  By the time the aliens show up  the day will be    hours long and the work day will be    hours  The alien overlords won t pay us overtime either   Well  I enjoyed chatting .Me too 
conversation_344  Hi  how are you doing this evening . I m doing well  how are you  .I m great  Are you knowledgeable of the sport known as baseball . Yeah  I used to play when I was younger  Did you know a    year old female pitcher was banned from professional baseball after she struck out babe ruth  .That sounds unfair  She should have been hired on the spot  fans would pay to see that . Hilarious  did you know the opposing team receives three bases if a player catches a baseball in their hat  .How often does that happen  Has an umpire ever really done that  I have questions . I m not sure  it doesn t seem like a real rule does it  .It sounds bogus  Three bases  I ve never heard of that  Somebody check the rule book  Giamatti would not accept that rule . Yeah  some of the stuff you read isn t always true  Did you know that the Chicago Cubs were the first baseball team to win Back To Back World Series  . The Cubbies  a sad story  How could they put on such a losing streak  They signed a deal with the devil to win back to back  and then never win again . Well they won recently didn t they  I think in      or maybe it was     it slips my memory  . Did they  Did they break the curse  I didn t know that  I figured they had made their deal  but now I guess they made a new deal with the devil  Why do managers wear uniforms now . I believe they did  BTW  do you watch the show Game of Thrones  . I ve heard of it  HBO  right  Some guy wrote some books  but takes forever to get new stuff done  yeah . It is on HBO  anyways  one of the actors who is real big and looks old in the show is actually only    years old  . Hm That sounds odd  I know that they shoot all around the world  which is a really cool thing .Did you know the Dodgers have lost more World Series than any other team .That is a saddening statisic  How much the fans must deplore that record . Yeah  it is pretty bad  Have you ever seen them play  .I have never seen the Dodgers but I expect that LA must have money because of the many fans .I ve been to the Stadium before  It is not that great  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_345 Well   howdy  What about baseball and the World Series .I m a fan  Are you a fan of baseball . Well  I m not an Astros fan  I m a Cleveland Indians fan  How about you  What baseball city you like .I m a Nationals fan  It seems like the Astros made a splashy move by not having to commit tens of millions of dollars in annual salary well into the next decade .I hear ya    do you think Gerrit Cole is worth all the effort to get him . I m not sure  probably not  but let s see  Did you know that the managers wear uniforms because they technically are allowed to play  .I never new the managers could also play  Can t remember that happening in ages  I always sort of liked Justin Verlander when he was with the Tigers  The Indians always kicked his butt . Yeah  The Nationals have Bryce Harper  he had a bad year last year  but he is still very highly paid  . Very true  I was rooting for the Nationals last year  but man they hit the wall late in the baseball season  What happened . It happens all the time  Crazy  they just can t close the deal  .That sounds an awful like the Indians  I m    years old and have never seen them in a World Series  I m beginning to think I never will . Crazy  Well  they were in the movie Major League  .LOL    yep   and with Charlie Sheen playing for them in that  Sheesh  Hey maybe the Nationals and the Tribe will play in the world series this year    ya never know .That would be cool  Did you know that up until      a married couple scheduled all of the games for the year .I ve never heard that before  I wondered what happened after       Did that married couple get divorced for arguing baseball games   lol. I m not sure  they probably moved to some sort of automated system  . Well  that would explain why the Indians play so many silly early baseball games in wintery Cleveland in the early season  Computers must not know weather .Very true  Did you know somebody found    million dollars worth of     s baseball cards in his grandfathers attic . I read that  Wonder what they did with the money  Oh    and I do watch Game Of Thrones sometimes  I m up to Season   . I used to  I stopped at Series    I hear they get a subsidy from Ireland  . That s news to me   I m not a huge fan of Game of Thrones  can t understand them when they talk . Yeah  it is ok  Well nice chatting with you  
conversation_346  Hello  do you watch baseball .I am a fan of baseball   I used to know the married couple who scheduled all      baseball games every year. Wow  I guess those are the people that you can call mega fans  I am not the biggest baseball fan although I do go to a few games each year.Yes baseball is so popular in Japan many people are surprised to find that it is our national game.I would be surprised too  Kickball is known as soccer baseball in Canada  That is odd . Yes   I have had a few baseball cards in my day  but one lucky man found his grandfather had saved   million dollars worth of cards .  million is probably more money that I will ever have  The only things that my grandparents collect are rocks from their childhood  I do no think that those rocks will ever be worth   million .laugh for sure   Maybe you should try to be a team manager   they wear uniforms because theoretically they could put themselves in the game and play .Really   Although I do not think any of them have ever stepped in  I think that the actual players are much better than the coaches .No doubt but it would be fun to see one to step in for an inning   perhaps in the world series championship game. Speaking of the world series  the Ottoman Empire still existed since the last time that the Chicago cubs won the world series .That was until a few years ago   That was a great year   The curse of the goat .What is the curse of the goat  Is it some kind of superstition .The Cubs did not let a man bring his goat into a baseball game around      and he put a curse on them   It lasted almost a hundred years . Ah  thank you  Speaking of the cubs  they were the very first team to win the world series back to back and they have not won since .Yes   even famous players can blow it sometimes too   Babe Ruth was caught stealing in game   and it caused his team to lose the      world series.Really  I though Babe Ruth was a renowned baseball player  I wonder why he would steal .Yes he was a big hitter but sometimes you need to steal a base   He was a big guy though so probably not that fast.Probably  Do you watch Game of Thrones .I have never seen it but I have heard a lot about it   It has received    emmy awards so it must be pretty good.    That is a lot  Charlie Chaplin s granddaughter played Talisa in Game of Thrones .I had never heard that   I knew Peter Dinklage won several Emmys for the show 
conversation_347 hey what search engine do you use  Is it google . Hello  how are you  Yes I use Google predominantly  unless I am looking for videos or music  What about you . Well Actually I use Bing because they pay you for every search  but it s crazy that Google Maps can tell how congested traffic is by how fast android phones are movie.I know right  Or the fact that one of Google s search requires more power than it did to send Neil Armstrong and    other astronauts to the moon .ya that is crazy  I do like that they re a green company and one time used goats to mow their lawn haha. Yes  goats are very effective   Talking about google  Google uses andriod devices moments to calculate traffic . ya they do  they also are a huge part of internet traffic  when they were down for about   mins they took out    percent of total web traffic .interesting  google tailors its maps around disputed borders based on where the browser is located. haha that makes sense  do you use Spotify  I only use youtube myself. I use them all  Pandora  You Tube and Spotify  The all have there different  purposes  Spotify has so many songs that     of them have never been played . ya that is crazy  that s about   million songs  I guess a musician woul dneed their song played         times in order to earn minimum wage . Yes per day  that is crazy  A band earned         from spotify for a silent album . haha that is genius  I guess the guy behind spotify is also the guy who created utorrent which is something I use.I use spotify when I just want something playing in the background or to listen to a whole CD  But when I want to watch the videos I switch to YouTube  Did you know YouTube is the second largest search engine . I didn t but that makes sense  have you checkout out the police version of youtube  blutube . I have heard of it but now seen it  I just can t believe the amount of content  in      there were     hours of content uploaded every minute  so crazy . that is crazy  also I remember when Gangnam Style came out and Youtube had to upgrade itself to handle the traffic.I remember that too  Do you know what the most disliked video on YouTube . I think it s Baby by Justin bieber  I personally don t think its that bad what about you  LIke it is catchy haha. It is annoyingly catchy  people are just being haters  There are plenty of other awful things I am sure  just not as popular  Have tried their paid music streaming  have you . no I have never paid for streaming music  I just use youtube  but I am on a google music trial right now  what about you . I have not paid for anything either  just Netflix  .yeah netflix and youtube make up half of internet traffic os it is very likely lots of people use it 
conversation_348  Game of Thrones seems like one of the most popular TV shows   and it has been for a few years  too  right .Yeah about   or   years now   You dont watch it . No  but I really want to  I haven t even bought cable TV  I have watched Game of Thrones at friends  houses  though . Oh thats good   you should catch up the last season is coming out in april and thats it the show will be done  .I really need to catch up on it  I also have no idea what s going on this year with the World Series Baseball .The actress that plays Arya actually has never been in anything before   what a break   First time acting and gets Game of Thrones .Is Arya the one that has all the gorgeous fierce dragons on Game of Thrones . No   Arya is the little girl   she looks like a boy   on purpose  .I heard that Ireland finances the Game of Throne series because it s filmed there and they get a good boost of tourism through that  Sounds good to me . Yes  My aunt and cousin went to visit it last summer   the pics were amazing .Did you know that Charlie Chaplin s Granddaughter plays Talisa Maegyr in the Game of Thrones  I wonder if she has many lines .I did know that but I dont recognize the name at all so I guess she is not a main character .Do they have other cool creatures in the Game of Thrones show besides dragons  I d love to see unicorns and other things too . Giant wolves that are called Direwolvles   White walkers  like dead zombies but frozen one    Giants   .WOW  Sounds so cool  They have Dire Wolves in this card game called Magic the Gathering  Definitely have giants in that game too . Oh ok   I have heard of that game   Its a card game .Yes  I mostly like the artwork on the cards  It s definitely better than watching the World Series baseball  I think my Grandpa used to call it the Fall Classic or something .Thats cool   i hardly watch the world series unless the sf giants are in it .I think that s a baseball team doing a little better than the Cubs   I heard they haven t won the world series since the Ottoman Empire was in existence  Amazing .I think the cubs are only in existence to make everyone else feel better about their own team.LOL I bet there is a group of people like that in The Game of Thrones 
conversation_349 Hello  Would you pay     a month for you tube music  . Probably not   I dont really need it lol I just listen to pandora mostly .I would rather listen for it with ads.did you know youtube is the second largest search engine in the world .Yes I use it every day since      when it was first launched. I probably use it a lot too   I look up how to videos   reviews   movie trailers   tips   and snowboarding videos lol .I would like to check out blutube to see the law enforcement videos.Is that available to the public .I would have to check in to that  Do you like Spotify  . I honestly have never used it   I hear it has   million songs that have never been played though thats kinda sad  .yes it is sad  but I just download all my songs from you tube for free.do you use spotify at all  Did you know a band earned   k from spotify for a silent album lol.yes but you need like       plays just to make      a hour. I guess it depends on how many songs they had on there then   to make    k lol.Do you use google  .yes probably everyday lol how about u .i started when the IPO took place back in     .did you know google maps calculates the traffic by how fast android phones are moving .that is very good to know .Instead of hiring people to mow their lawn they once used hundred of goats. and I need to look up  baby  by JB just to see why people dont like it. Its a good music video   i dont know why people dont like it  .it has been nice chatting with you  Enjoy you tube while is free.Thanks have a good one 
conversation_350 Hey do you like baseball by the way  What do you think about the Nationals.I m a big baseball fan   I think they will do ok even though they lost Bryce Harper   It s kind of the same situation like how they lost Jayson Werth a few years ago .Speaking of baseball did you know that a baseball manager can actually play for the team if necessary .That would be interesting to see   That s one rule I didn t know . Yep that s why they wear uniforms  also weird is that in Canada people is known as soccer baseball.That s interesting too   Up until      a married couple scheduled all      MLB games for    years .That seems like a lot of work  Do you know why they stopped  The guy who found millions of dollars of baseball cards in his attic is a very lucky dude .I don t know why they stopped   I know I would stop working if I found a million dollars worth of baseball cards   lol.Yep I could think of a lot of things to do with a million dollars lOL and I would be very happy that my grandfather had them in the Attic.Yes   No doubt   Did you know that the womens world cup had a higher tv ratings than the world series in the US . No I didn t know that that s crazy  also crazy is that baseball is super popular in Japan  they even think that it is their National Pastime and not ours LOL.lol  Babe Ruth who was known for home runs was caught stealing to end game   of the      world series   Interesting useless stat   lol.Haha what s an interesting stat  Do you ever watch Game of Thrones  I know that s a change of topic.I ve seen it but don t follow it close   I know it got financed by Ireland because they film scenes there which boosts tourism incomes . Yep you re right about that  I think it first premiered back in      which seems like a long time ago  I can t wait for the new season to start in April.The next season is supposed to be the last one correct . Yes it will be the last one  It s crazy that Charlie Chaplin s granddaughter is actually in Game of Thrones  I forget who she is though.Wow   I never knew that   How neat   I m going to have to binge watch it and get caught up before the last season begins   I ve heard that Arya is the fastest rising new baby name given to girls in the US most like because of Game of Thrones . Haha you re right about that  And yes you should definitely check it out  they even made a knockoff series about lions called game of lions LOL.That s funny   I see that Harry Lloyd who is on there is the great great great grandson of Charles Dickens   That is neat they have   people related to famous people from a long time ago .Yep I agree with you  There s even a guy who is the great grandson of Charles Dickens LOL they ve got everyone in the show
conversation_351 Hello do you like baseball .I do like baseball  I think it s crazy that the baseball managers can actually play the game  That s why they wear the uniforms. Yeah that is   considering theres like    players on the team   I think its safe to say the manager can just not suit up lol .Haha that s a good point  Do you know what they call kickball in Canada.I read it but I dont remember lol. Haha well they call it soccer baseball  a very dumb name in my opinion LOL.maybe they should shorten it to like socball lol  sounds better to me .Lol that does sound a lot better actually  Can you imagine if you found   million dollars worth of baseball cards in your attic  I would probably have a heart attack. i would go on vacations   Like a really nice one   then save or invest the rest   I wish my family collected something cool like that   .Yep I agree  Did you know that baseball is super popular in Japan .who wouldve thought .I know right  I guess a lot of Japanese are confused in knowing that it is America s national pastime  but we created the game so that s why it s so weird haha.Yeah really   Do you watch game of thrones .I do like Game of Thrones  What about you  I can t wait for the new season to start in April.seriously    Im re watching all of the season to prepare for it hahaha.Yep I need to do that too  I love that Peter Dinklage has won three Emmy Awards  He does a great job in that show.he does a great of making us hate him lol I really love Tyrion .Tyrion is awesome haha  It s great that the show has gotten a total of    Emmys as well  I even got three Hugo Awards  I just need to know how the show ends haha . yes I definitely want to see how this crazy show ends   and I want to see what spin off they will make   i would really like a tv show about the targaryens .Yep I think they are making spin offs to so that will be cool  Have you ever seen the show Game of lions. I have not   its on my to do list lol I love animal shows too  .Animals are awesome  It s also crazy how many stars in Game of Thrones are related to famous stars  Let s hope that this season is good 
conversation_352  Hi  do you like baseball . Yes  I grew up in St  Louis in the    s so I used to love the Cardinals  KC in the       s so a big Royals fan and I ve been in Boston for   years so I have enjoyed local baseball in all three towns  Are you a fan   I knew that managers wear uniforms in the dugout because they can technically play and there were player managers in the old days  but when the last time a manager actually played in a game . Hi  yes I like baseball   and sports in general    and is true I have never seen a manager playing   but is good they are ready in case they are needed . It s funny baseball is so popular in Japan that many fans don t know it was America s pastime  I guess they forgot WW II  it was brought there by occupying US Troops after Japan surrendered  . Wow that is impressive  they kind of ignored how americans feel about baseball   i think the Chicago cubs have not won in a long time . Yes  first team to win back to back World Series and not another one for     years  Ottoman Empire was still in existence when they last won a World Series    that ironic  As a St  Louis fan growing up I did go to quite a few games at Wrigley Field along the way before they  had lights which made a good afternoon  As I have a lot of Cub fan friends that World Series win was quite something  though many of them felt relief instead of happiness after the win .That is really cool history right there  Would be nice to see a win from the cubs again  Do you know what a very lucky man found in his grandfather s attic . You mean the    Million dollar baseball card collection  Yes  I collected and bought some rare cards at a shop and know have no idea where they album are  a luck garbage collector might have found them when my mom cleaned out the attic long after I moved out  Being in Red Sox land  there s always the ghost of Babe Ruth  when you look at the big guy he doesn t look fleet of foot  bunny he lost the     World series getting caught trying to steal home down by one run  Funny thought  though I doubt Yankee fans thought that   that year . wow  you collected those too   I am amazed those cards lasted hidden since the      s  . Yes  I think every kid            probably did  You see where in the     World Series the US Marine Corp color guard carried the flag upside down  I wonder if that was planned to psyche them out or distract them from the game plan or totally an accident .I would be funny if it was an accident   You lknow  I really like hoe the world series are played   It is not just one game  you get a seven game playoff and the excitement lasts more than other sports . Yes  that makes it fairer to the best team  You can win on a fluke shot  or play in one game  i e  Super Bowl  NCAA Champion   but to win   or   is more skill  I am a Royals fan and they Won the World Series     years ago and then lost all their best players to free agency or like Justin Verlander leaving the Tigers and going to the Astro s  With small market teams the skill isn t always evenly distributed around the league  .Yes that is kind of sad   and Verlander helped so much the Astros to win   it was the right move   for the Astros. Yes  there s two sides to every story  Though small market teams don t have the draw of the Yankee s or Dodgers  you see where the Women s World Cup had higher TV  rating than the World Series in the US last year .I am a soccer fan and the womens world cup grew a lot in popularity since the last one  But I was shocked to learn that is was watched more than the world series  . So was I  speaking of fans  My wife loves Game of Thrones  we re binge watching it getting ready for the final season  do you watch it  It has some great blood lines  did you see where Charles Dickens great great great grandson and Charlie Chaplin s granddaughter are both actors on the HBO Series .I do not watch but I know is really really popular   Even made the name Arya very popular in new baby girls . Yes  that crazy to me  I like the show okay  buy my wife is so enthused she d probably name a kid after one of the shows characters  both our kids are out college  there s no risk in that   It is beautifully filmed  financed by Ireland  with some many scenes set there and Croatia  Canada   Malta and all the other places they filmed it makes for some beautiful scenery for all the sets . LOL wow it is film in really beautiful places      I probably will create a game of thrones tour and visit all those places including the sites in Spain  Scottland  Morocco  . I assure you they already have it in Ireland and soon  if not already there will be cruise lines offering Game of Thrones Themed world cruises  You don t follow the show  but the Lannister s are an evil clan ruling the throne  illegitimately some would say  for many years and Martin  the author of the book said  funny living in Boston area  the Patriots are the Lannister s of the NFL which I think isn t a totally false and funny analogy .LOL   I will probably watch Game of Lions   You know I have enjoyed this chat very much   Cool facts about baseball history . Yes  I enjoyed the wide ranging discussion too  Have a great remainder of your week 
conversation_353 Do you like baseball . Yeah  I m a Royals fan  I thought it funny that managers wear unis because they can play  . Yeah  I never thought that was possible  I think the whole team has to get injured first though.Can you imagine someone like Tommy Lasorda playing   It would be like Babe Ruth getting caught stealing in the      World Series . Yeah I can imagine the scenario  Babe Ruth sure was  a great player  too bad his team lost that game back in     . Yep   Funny  kickball is called soccer baseball in Canada  . I see  so do you like to watch series  have you watched Game of Thrones before . Yes and yes    I love GoT  it s a guilty pleasure of mine   I was surprised to learn that Harry Lloyd was a relative of Charles Dickens   Love Charles Dickens   . That is a suprising fact are they really related  guess theres no doubt where his talent comes from  you know the series are financed in part by Ireland.I heard that   There are more famous connections too   Talisa is the granddaughter of Talisa   Wow . I wonder if they knew these facts when they casted the actors of the show  it seems like there s a lot of interesting facts behind the series. I m sure they let it slip out during the casting   GoT now has spin offs  a Nat l Geo show called Game of Lions where lions are like GoT characters  . Havent seen that one but sounds like an interesting show for sure  Game of Lions  I wonder how its similar to the series.I can t imagine costuming lions like that   Can you believe the women s World Cup had better ratings than the World Series in the U S  . It did  maybe because the womens team is pretty good  they always land in a good spot  still  its surprising as baseball is one of the most popular games in America. Yeah  I guess baseball is so popular in Japan that they were surprised to find out it s America s national pastime  . Yes Japan has a lot of fans indeed  do you know who the Chicago Cubs are . Yeah  until they won in       the Ottoman Empire was still in existence the last time they won the World Series  . I heard they had a big drought before that  its strange how the team was the first to win the series back to back.It was long for sure   I was glad to see them beat the Indians in        It was like that had a curse or something like in GoT . Yeah it sure seemed that way  its a good thing the curse got lift 
conversation_354  Hi  how are you doing tonight . Hi  I m trying to learn what the word  accoutrements  means  do you have any idea .What are you learning that word for . Well  it s a new tactic that video game companies are tyring to employ to entice gamers . Oh  you mean you need to buy extra and accessories in order to enjoy the game fully  Pretty sneaky  . I suppose  do you play video games on consoles like the PlayStation .I used to play video games a lot as a kid  Don t play now  No time  Little interest  Do you like to play . No  but the US department of defense used over a thousand of those consoles to build a supercomputer because it was cheaper than the alternative  That sounds like massive processing power .That s a smart way to go  Scale up simple units to get the power  I don t really know the PS  Aren t they up to PS  or something . Not sure since I don t play as well either  all I know is that it is created and owned by Sony who launched it in Japan  They were so popular and successful that they ve sold at least over     million units  Wonder what X box s numbers are .Sony has made a great platform  Are the games good  Usually that drives the sales of the machine  Are the games on all the platforms now . Not sure since those consoles can be used for research purposes  like researchers are using them to research black holes  maybe they are not only used for games .I did hear that the military used the controllers for training troops on equipment  Very intuitive  They learned fast  I don t know why black holes for research though  Why not regular computers .Probably since it was cheaper like the supercomputer they built out of the consoles  I wonder if I went on YouTube whether or not I could learn how to build a supercomputer as well  Do you use YouTube . That s true  Cheaper  I sometimes use Youtube  usually for music .I do the same for those purposes as well and for DIY videos which I think is a large reason why its the second largest search engine on the net . DIY videos  Sounds interesting  Why is Justin Bieber s  baby  is the most disliked video on youtube  Why the hate  I don t like the guy  but what s the point . Yeah exactly  like Facebook  they should probably take away that dislike button and spread a little bit more positivity  Unless it s because his die hard fans are sad that he isn t a  Baby  anymore  fans do get crazy sometimes .I m not really up to speed on the new music  I guess I m getting old  I use Youtube to find my favorites from the old days . Not only do they have songs  they even have music videos  backstage access  audio recordings  etc  so you can find them all on there  even the oldies but goodies . That s great  Police actually have their own youtube called blutube  where they share law enforcement videos  I wonder if there are any secrets there that would be good to know   How to get out of a ticket  . I wonder if there were videos whether or not they d actually work  Great chat  have a nice day 
conversation_355  Hello  do you happen to have a pet . No  I don t own a pet  I do like dogs  though  Do you own a pet . I have a dog  its interesting how there about    different blood types  my dog is a donor and I never knew this fact .I ve heard that there are dog blood drives  I guess the dogs are ok with having a needle in their leg . I guess so  some of them might be afraid  you know Google prefers dogs over cats  they are a dog company .It s probably easier to manage dogs in an office space  Cats won t stay put . I agree but cats spend like     of their lives sleeping  when they reach the age of    they have spent    of those years sleeping . When they re asleep  they re easy to manage  Once they re awake  they wander and explore  Cats would be great if they would sit at a computer and surf the Internet  Istanbul has vending machines that reward dogs for collecting recycled bottles . I wonder if thats an effective system  I think it might work and its a way to reduce costs for sure .I ve never been to a cat cafe  There are many of them in Japan and Taiwan  I guess the cats get along with each other and don t have a problem with people trying to pet them . Yeah I guess cats are popular in those countries  there is an author that published his cat as the coauthor of his book . I think he wanted to use the word  we  in the paper  so he included his cat as an author  I wonder how a cat got to be the mayor of a town . I bet the other politicians were really bad lol  still think mayor Stubbs will do a better work than most politicians . A cat couldn t really do much harm  Sleeps most of the time  Rest of the time they hunt  Cats have eliminated the bird species of specific areas  even caused extinction . They have  wow that is suprising  you know the cat in godfather   was actually a strayed one . It was a pretty well behaved cat  I don t think cats will ever be called   man s best friend  but they sure come close . I dont think that either  you know dogs are actually not color blind  they can also see colors but not in the way we do . I m not surprised  I suspect that many animals can see color  just not like human beings For example  I expect that cats can see color as well . I see  I didnt know cats could also see colors that is surprising to me .Cats probably also have many different blood types  I wonder whether they have blood drives the same as for dogs . I bet there are  I mean there are a lot of people who love cats so its really probable 
conversation_356 I was reading that Jazz trumpeters grew goatees as it provides comfort when they are playing  I never knew that and found it interesting . That is interesting  so they started it for comfort over style then  .I guess  I once had a neighbor who was into jazz and would play  He was pretty good  A harlem woman has free concerts at her apartment for the past    years and sometimes top performers will stop over  What fun . That would be fun  and its sounds like her neighbors all like it if it s been happening for    years .Did you know that Wayne Rooney is considering signing with DC United. Yeah I think he did sign with them actually  this must be a bit dated   I think that is the new norm now with stars coming to the US to end their careers  .I understand he is not the only one to come to the US  He did sign that is interesting  Do you follow sports much  I do not which is why I had not known .I do follow sports so that is why I knew   I am a big fan of english league football actually .That is wonderful  So DC United is a team in the US  Is the game played the same here in the US and in England .Yeah they are an MLS which is the American soccer league   The game is played the same way but we have a playoffs here instead of top of table wins the league . I think that soccer is a great sport and while I do not follow  I think it is a lot better than american football is  I would imagine that he is a good player as they did want him badly  . Yeah he is a good player and I think he has been doing good for them so far   And I agree  and I think american football is far more dangerous a sport to play  .It certainly is  Soccer is such a popular sport all around the world  I guess a player named Mesut Ozil donated his earnings from a bonus in the World Cup to pay for    children in Brazil to have surgeries  What a nice thing to do . I read that  I think that is such a cool thing to do   I know he has been in a tough situation with his national team as of late as well  .That is too bad for him  Hopefully things turn around  I always wondered why americans call it soccer and I read that is because it was the slang for Association Football  Such a simple reason . Yeah I guess it started as a slang term and just caught on for some reason here  I think its stupid that we named american football  football  because most of it is played with our hands . Ha  ha  I always wondered that as well  It does not make any sense  Honestly I am surprised that soccer is not more popular here in the US Did you read that there is a variation of soccer where   teams play at the same time  That must be crazy  . Yeah I think I heard about that one time   I think people here think its too boring because of the score  but it really is the most exciting   And then I think that they think they need to come up with new games or ways to play to make it more exciting  .Yes that might be so  Reading about hats and I see birthday hats were derived from dunce hats to encourage foolish behaviour at parties .That is pretty interesting   Did you know the same type of plastic they make legos with is used to make hard hats . Wow  I never knew that  Funny that they limited hat pins to a certain length  afraid women would use them as weapons  . Yeah that is funny   Well its been nice talking with you  I hope you have a good night  
conversation_357 Good morning  Do you like dogs . I do  I have a dog at home and a cat  How about you . I love dogs  I have one as well  and it s so smart it can understand pointing  I guess dogs and elephants can do that . Yeah they are smart  Did you know that they are not color blind  but they can t see as many different colors as humans . I didn t know that  but that s cool  Did you know google prefers dogs to cats .I ve heard that their code of conduct specifically states that  That s pretty cool . Speaking of cats  when a cat reaches     they ve spent    of it sleeping  Must be nice .That s funny  Did you know there s a town in Alaska has had a cat as its mayor since      . They have my vote  Cats are famous sometimes  even one from the Godfather part   that was a stray on set .Did you know there s cat cafe s in Japan and Taiwan where people can pay hourly to play with cats and have drinks  I wonder if that would go over well here . I think it would with dogs  since they perform many roles for humans .I didn t know that they have    different blood types .Me neither  They also have dog blood drives for them to donate to .I need to take my dog to one  I give blood all the time so he should too .I m sure he would save many dog s lives  I wish I lived in Hawaii as far as business attire goes .I d like wearing an Aloha shirt instead of my uniform  I dress pretty much like Billy Mays  pallbearers  Blue shirt and khaki pants .That is one nice style you have there  I wear polo shirts but didn t know they were invented for tennis players . I never knew that either  They were invented by Rene  The Crocodile  Lacoste . What a nickname  I can see why it was later adopted by polo players  hence the name . Yeah I can see that too  In China during the cultural revolution  gang fashion involved layering as many shirts as you could and popping their color  That s a fashion that I m glad died  . I am too  I always laughed at those people  Well it was nice chatting with you  have a great day 
conversation_358 Hi do you like cats  They are definitely good at hunting vermin .Agreed  I do love cats as well as most pets  Did you know the cat used in the opening scene of The Godfather was actually a stray they found on set  I thought that was pretty cool .Oh that is super cool  From rags to riches  A cats life must be nice  They spend over half their life sleeping .That us true  Ha  I would like to visit one of those cat cafes over in Japan that lets you pay by the hour to drink and play with cats  I bet that s so interesting .That would be fun  Also there is a town in Alaska that has a cat mayor .Is that so  That s a little odd  Ha  Did you ever hear about the physicist that published his cat as coauthor so he could avoid criticism by writing in first person plural .Haha I never knew about that  However I also like dogs too  They were the first species to be domesticated . I love dogs as well  It s crazy only dogs and elephants are the only animals that can understand pointing  isn t it .Yeah I agree I would think more animals would understand that  Google also prefers dogs to cats which is kind of funny that they declare such a thing . I know  right  I wonder if they have vending machines around their buildings that releases water and food in exchange for bottles like Istanbul does  It d be nice if our country could do that  .Yeah probably not a ton of strays in Palo Alto  But yeah I think that is a cool idea to promote recycling .Agreed and help stray dogs as well  I also think its crazy that dogs can t see as many different colors as we humans can .Yeah that is interesting  I think it s funny when owners put shirts on their dogs  They probably put Hawaiian shirts on their dogs in Hawaii . Ha  Probably so  You know  I ve always loved the term man s best friend  They do so much for humans like companionship  hunting  protecting  pulling and even therapeutic roles  man s best friend is the perfect term  in my opinion .Yeah totally agree with you  Did you know that the official business attire in Hawaii is the aloha shirt instead of a traditional suit and tie .Is it really  That s kind of funny  Ha  I do know the pallbearers at Billy Mays  funeral wore khakis and blue shirts  That was very nice of them .Interesting  In china the gang layered as many shirts as possible and popped their collars .Now that s interesting  Ha  I also think it s interesting that button down is when collar tips fasten to the body of the shirt and button up does not  I never really realized that .Yeah I didn t know that either  I always thought polo shirts were designed by polo players but they were originally invented by tennis players . Were they really  I figured polo players invented them as well  But you know  in American English  the term shirt is such a catch all term that represents a wide variety of upper body garments and even undergarments  .Yeah I agree it does  In Britain they have more specific definition of the word .Yeah it s more specifically a garner with a collar and sleeves with cuffs along with a full vertical opening with buttons  We would actually refer to it as a dress shirt  Ha  Well it was great chatting with you  Have a nice day 
conversation_359 Many people enjoy chatting on the Internet  Do you  Do you like computers . I do actually  I use the computer a lot  I just do not have that kind that the russians made that runs on water. The water computer sounds alien  like something that Elon Musk would create  I wonder how fast that darn thing ran  As fast as Windows   maybe . I am not sure since it was also a very long time ago  in      .       That was a great year for water computers  Since then  not so good  I expected the Russians to make one that ran on vodka  but then again  vodka is too precious for computers  WOuld you upload your mind to a computer  If it ran on vodka  I would .No I do not think so but it seems transhumanists are trying to do that  Curious to see if they succeed. If they succeed  they will have long boring lives  They will spend their time chatting on the Internet for cash to buy upgrades .That sounds very probable  DO you have a PC or an Apple computer .I have a PC  I have used Apple stuff though  You  Playstation .Yeah I have an Apple so I guess good thing that I am not a smoker so as not to void the warranty.What about vaping though  Is that a problem  Then Apple would lose like     of their hipster customers . Yeah  right  Do you watch youtube on your computer .I sometimes watch YouTube to catch up on news and documentaries  You .Yeah me too  It is the second largest search engine now on the internet.People are addicted to them vids  The kids can t enough of  em  Even I go there to listen to my old favorites from back in the day .Cool  Do you know which is the most disliked video in there .Dislliked  I don t know  Some teen idol  Donald Trump . Actually is it Justin Bieber  his song Baby. The Bieb  That figures  The guy bothers a lot of people  He s rich  he doesn t care  Things are going his way  .I guess so   Have you heard of Bluetube . Bluetube  Sounds racy  What is it  and how much does it cost .It is actually a police YouTube  Nice chat
conversation_360  Hi  how are you . A little tired because I didn t get enough sleep  Have you ever had a pet cat  By the time they re     cats have spent about    years of their lives sleeping. Sorry  to hear that   I have had a cat  she passed away last year and she was    years old   I believe she probably slept    out of those    years sleeping  lol.I didn t realize that they sleep so much or that there are over    breeds . My cat was probably the easiest low maintenance pet I ever had   A lot less needy than my dogs  for sure  Do own any pets . The only pet I ve ever had are fish  though I don t mind cats  I had a friend in college who wants to open her own cat cafe like they have in Japan and Taiwan. Yeah  I heard about those cafes   People pay to have a drink and play with cats   Sounds like an easy way to make money .I m not sure how easy that would be with all the food safety laws we have here in the US  Maybe that s why it hasn t become popular here .That s true   Did you know that dogs have    different blood types and can donate at blood drives .I wonder if their blood types work similarly to ours  I know some dogs would be able to give more blood than others based on their size. I m not sure  but they probably work the same  I d think   I m sure there s a big need especially for dogs with cancers . I think it s interesting how dogs and cats can be different  but both are useful for hunting.That is interesting  It s also interesting that Istanbul has vending machines that dispense water and food in exchange for recycled plastic bottles .That s a genius way to take care of the strays while also encouraging recycling  I bet Google would donate to that type of initiative considering the company loves dog enough to have it in their code of conduct. Yeah  they are truly a dog company   We need these machines in America . The stray cats could probably benefit from something like that as well  When filming the Godfather  the cat in the opening scene was actually a stray that wandered onto the set. That s cool  cat was a movie star and didn t even know it  lol I wonder if the cat named Stubbs in Talkeetna  Alaska knows that its the mayor . Since       nonetheless  That s a long time for an animal to be in a political position  There must not be a large population in that part of Alaska.Probably held that position longer than some politicians   Don t have to worry about too many scandals when you re a cat .It s about as funny as the physicist whose cat is a coauthor just so his grammar would be correct  It was easier to add the cat than to use first person singular rather than plural. That is funny too   You don t have to worry about your grammar either  when you re a cat  It s been nice chatting with you this afternoon 
conversation_361 hello there.Hello yourself  What have you been getting up to tonight . Just relaxing  hanging with my dog   Listening to music  Yourself  .Similar regarding the dog  I was talking to my roommate about MLS Soccer . I like Orlando City  personally  I have a good friend who used to play for Manchester United  .Really  I bet that was wild   I didn t think I d ever need to know much about it myself  We were actually talking about Wayne Rooney a little bit ago .Do you have any thoughts about where Wayne Rooney will end up next year .No thoughts but I ve heard talk  Atlanta has gone nuts for MLS the last couple of years  We won the Cup this year and now when you walk into a bar you hear guys speculating about Rooney to DC United next year . Orlando has embraced MLS too  I am quite surprised how popular it has become   .I m with you      on that  I haven t heard anyone talk about how embarrassing the Falcons are in weeks   It makes sense  We haven t ever really had a winner before  I m wondering if Rooney can still play or if this is like Beckham playing in LA when the MLS began . To switch gears for a moment  I m listening to Dizzy Gillespie at the moment   He always was a favorite of mine  a trumpet virtuoso  Did you now that jazz trumpeters often grow goatees because it provides comfort when they play their instrument  .I didn t but I can see why that would be appealing The facial hair I mean  I ve tried to like it but Jazz just doesn t do much for me   New Orleans jazz is sort of the exception  I like the big brass sections  I do like zydeco and that has a lot of jazz influence . I definitely would say I prefer music that s influenced by jazz  rather than jazz itself  Tom Waits is my favorite artist ever  and the influence of jazz is present on a lot of his work   .I agree with you about the influence it s had on other music  It s kind of funny that you brought up jazz actually   It s such a mish mash of musical influences from around the world but it s probably still the most original art form that the United States has ever produced   That s sort of what we ve got going on with the Atlanta FC here . Did you now that the term soccer came from  association football   I find that interesting  I always wondered why it wasn t called something else  .I didn t know that  I ve wondered though   We ve got all of these sports fans here from different places with competing team loyalties   Except for soccer  Most of them never had a pro team that they grew up rooting for   They all grew up knowing something about that   I mean we re talking     million players worldwide  Now these guys have a team to root for with no competing loyalties  It s a more communal experience and it has taken off around here . Do you ever go to live games   It s an experience I have only very recently had an opportunity to possibly enjoy  and yet I haven t   I wonder if I would enjoy it for the entire duration of the game  .I haven t gone yet but I m going to this coming season   My interest in other sports has waned so the timing is perfect  Get in on the ground floor of something special you know  It s hard to pick up though  You wouldn t think it would you  A big stretch of grass with a goal on either side s more complex than I thought  Theres way more people to talk about it with too  More than all the major American sports leagues combines in terms of fanbase . Yep  it gives you something to talk about with so many people from different countries  I think that s really cool  They really mean the  world  when they said the world cup  unlike the world series  which is just a national matchup   That s interesting you say it s tough to pick up  I bet the best way to really learn about it would be to play FIFA video games .Thats a good point about playing FIFA  That was my only exposure to the sport growing up  There s a much lower barrier to entry to play the game in the real world  Probably part of it s popularity  It s kind of funny  The color scheme and the uniforms here kind of remind me of Harry Potter   I guess ridiculous hats are a thing in football circles  I don t know how else to explain the goofy ones I ve seen around here after FC games . Sports fans are definitely responsible for some ridiculous hats  like the oversided cowboy hat  that s like measured in gallons rather than regular hat size  I m not a hat guy myself  my head s too big   Speaking of cowboy hats  in the old west  the cowboy hat was not the most common hat worn   It was actually the bowler  which truthfully is a lot classier looking in my opinion  .Billy the Kid was a bowler hat kind of guy  I like hats because I m bald  They keep the sweat out of my eyes and keep my head warm   Sports fans have changed headwear from a social status thing to more of a social group identity thing  Ironically the only times I m not likely to wear a hat is when it would be the most useful  I ve worked in construction most of my life but I could never get used to wearing a hard hat  Lucky I didn t get my brains scrambled . Goodness  Yeah  the only time I ever wore hats was when a job required me to  for me to display whatever fast food logo I worked for   And with that thought  I will depart  
conversation_362  Hi  how are you .I m good   Do you use youtube .I do use youtube  Do you .I do   I love it   It s where I first say Psy s Gangnam Style video   Have you seen it .I have not seen that one  I haven t seen Justin Beiber s Baby either but that is probably good since it is the most disliked video on the platform .lol Poor Beib s   Psy s video got so many views on youtube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to    bits .You tube is the  nd largest search engine behind google  Make sense since google owns them .I believe that   Google bought youtube for       billion dollars   That s a lot of cash . That is  Between youtube and netflix  they make up half of peak internet usage .I believe it   People love videos   Do you have a playstation .I kind of do    My son has one that I bought him  Do you have one .My kids do   I have no idea how to play it  lolol  Playstation   s are being used to research black holes somehow .Wow  The DoD used      of them to build a supercomputer   . Wow   Who would have thought that   lol  The original grand theft auto game disc for playstation  when placed in a cd player would play the game soundtrack   Kind of neat .That is cool  The last game produced for ps  was fifa     I had no idea .I didn t either   lol  Do you use computers a lot   In      the Russians made a computer that could run on water .I do use them a lot  The space shuttles general purpose computer runs on   mb of ram .Wow   That s pretty incredible to think about   Someone built a working    bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks .Maybe it was a transhumanist  They want to upload their mind to computers  I am not sure I would want to do that   .I would want to do it so my future generations of my descendants can look back at my life   Be interesting I think . With that perspective  yes  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_363  Hi  how are you  Do you like jazz .Hi there  Yeah I do like jazz  Do you . Yes  I love jazz  I am listening to some right now  . Ah nice  Yeah Jazz is interesting to me simply because it originated in the African American communities of New Orleans  It s definitely rare and unique  in my opinion  . It certainly is  I think that it should be more popular  but it is too artistic  Not enough show business  too much art .Can you believe that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts  Wow jazz has made it s way from New Orleans around the entire world . Yes  even in Pakistan  I figure that there is value in all genres of music  Perhaps the rest of the world sees the value in jazz . There certainly is value in all music  I agree  Which reminds me that I just recently heard that Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast  pianist  and he s scored several films  including Million Dollar Baby . He seems like a tough guy  but he is an actor and artist so I m not surprised  He is not a very good singer though . Haha  then maybe I should be happy I ve not heard him sing  So I was reading about how jazz trumpeters grew goatees to make playing a bit more comfortable  I wonder if that is possibly the origin of goatees  Maybe  maybe not . He sang at the end of Gran Turino  I think people tried all kinds of facial hair  but for brass  maybe it s an obvious choice . Hm  I did watch that movie but I just can t remember him singing  I ll check it out again  since now I m pretty curious    .Right at the end  Then another singer takes over  Clint writes good melodies though .Interesting to be able to write melodies but not be able to sing so well  I pretty much have the opposite problem  Haha  Clint seems like such a new age cowboy to me  Speaking of cowboys  The most popular hat in the old west was the bowler hat and not even the cowboy hat .I guess the bowler was style and class and the cowboy hat was a working hat . Personally I prefer cowboy hats  especially since it s associated with hard work  instead of just sophistication and such     . Yes  they have their own kind of cool  the bowler looks stuffy . I agree  I prefer hates for functionality such as protecting against weather conditions  sun  and even beanie s for cold weather  Beanies are technically hats  right . Yes  sure  But dont wear one to a wedding though  anyway  great chat .Yeah thanks  It s been great    .You too . Have a great day  If it s cold outside  make sure to wear a beanie    . Yes  by all mean s. It s pretty sunny here  so I ll maybe wear a baseball cap    Later .Bye.Bye   
conversation_364 Hi . Have you heard of visual novels such as  Stay  that run on game consoles like Xbox . No  I have not  That sounds fascinating  How is that different from a movie . You interact with it   In fact if you ignore it  it taunts you   Intruders invade and all kinds of things happen  .That sounds like a great way to have fun  I bet the story line is pretty good too  You don t kill things or earn points  Is it popular . I would guess so  it s on many different consoles  In certain parts of the story there are minefields  .I guess I should look into this  Do you use Playstation .No   The most significant thing is that it can have different endings .I don t really play video games much anymore  Do you  Do you use computers much  I do .I use computers a lot   Did you know Windows    was the  nd most installed SW in      . W   was huge for its time  It got delayed several times  but it was a big jump for Microsoft  I used it a lot myself .Me too   The first computer algorithm was written by a woman named Ada   I wonder if that s where the name ADA came from in computing . Yes  I believe so  There was a programming language called ADA  I never used it  She was very bright .That s what I was saying   It came from Pascal   Bell distributed a manual cardboard computer to HS students in      to teach them how that works   I d be interested in seeing that .I see  Pascal and ADA are related languages  Is it in use now  I wouldn t expect so . If I remember right  the gov t was pushing ADA   There s probably a lot of legacy systems with it   Did you know the first YouTube video was some dude talking about an elephant    .An elephant  Not ADA  LOL  I guess that makes sense  The first upload was probably pretty basic . Now there are    full episodes of  The Joy of Painting  with Bob Ross   . Yes  that man is a legend  Encouraged so many people to try painting  There should be a paint program called Ross .Yeah   Did you know the PS  s only have    MB of RAM   That s not much   . That s not much at all  I m surprised  Anyway  great chat .Thanks 
conversation_365 Are you a fan of Jazz . hi how are you  yes  i like jazz  You .I do  So does Clint Eastwood apparently . Yeah  he plays piano  he also composes too  ive heard .I didn t know that  That is pretty cool . He is allergic to horses  i think  so maybe he spends more time at the piano now . Interesting  I wonder how he shot all of those films then  . I think he wasnt allergic at first  but then developed an allergy  maybe he is getting treatment now  i dont know.Interesting  Who would have guessed .I wonder if clint knows that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts . I m not sure  but that is a good question  Do you like hats  . hats are good  stylish  functional  i dont wear them often  You . Nah  I think they promote baldness  LOL. good thing i dont wear them then  LOL  Im surprised that the most popular hat in the old west was the bowler  not the cowboy hat.Interesting  I would have thought the cowboy hat myself . Yeah  maybe that is a working hat and people wanted to be stylish  i dont know  .I m not sure to be honest  There was a law in      that limited the length of hairpins . boy  those women and their hairpins  LETHAL  LOL i guess women did not carry guns then  that would have been funny. Yeah  sounds pretty comical  Well  nice chatting with you . Yes  it has been great chatting  I m glad that the server is back up  Yay.Take it easy 
conversation_366 Hello did you know the only fish to have a neck is the seahorse .I never thought about it but that is interesting  I am kind of frightened that there is a breed of jelly fish that are immortal  Yikes . And lobster   They are immortal in a sense that their organs dont age   so as long as nothing kills them they can technically live forever  .Yuck  I don t like that at all  One of the most interesting fish is the balck swallower fish that can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weight  Sounds like one of those creepy snakes that eat huge animals . Yuck   Ah you dont like seadfood   I love eating lobster lol I think that fish black swallow is amazing   to have the ability to have their body stretch like that   who knows when their next meal will come along  .I am allergic to shellfish   maybe that is it  But can you believe this     I named my son Fisher  So there is a little love there . oh thats too bad  sorry to hear   Haha Fisher   thats a great name   Freshwater fish drink water through their skin .Interesting  I just learned that there are about    quintillion individual animals on planet earth  Crazy .Yeah and they are not even all discovered yet   theres a bunch undiscovered animals and insects in the amazon rainforest still .The rainforest frightens me  Too many creatures  I can only imagine how many insects are in there   Did you know that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated .I didnt   I guess I would never notice because my dog is white lol.That is funny  My dog has a white patch    but not on it s forehead   They say that hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had gills and lungs .I kinda wish we still had gills lol That would be sweet to swim longer under water .I agree  Look   I love my sleep but there are some birds who fly from alaska to northern mexico without sleeping when migrating  Exhausting . I know right  thats incredible   I also love sleeping  .Naps are the best  I like that hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests  Where do you think they hide it .The hummingbirds   I have no clue lol Where do they hide .No   I was asking where they hide the spiderweb when they are stealing it   I was trying to be funny   Didn t work   LOL   One fact is that birds bones are so hollow that the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers . Oh lol  Thats horrible  i wouldnt want hollow bones lol I guess it makes sense for them   they have to be light enough to fly . True  Good point  In Australia there are wild birds that can mimic the sound of cameras  car alarms and chainsaws  Creepy .wow that is really creepy   I wonder what bird does that lol Its been fun chatting 
conversation_367  hi  do you like soccer .To be honest I don t like soccer  But I may watch the World Cup if the USA makes it to that point  What about you .Yeah I like it because it is so international  did  you know the city where it will be hosted in      does not exist yet. That is crazy  Are you going to watch it  I don t know how they can just create a city out of nowhere and have it ready for       but we ll see what happens. Yeah I am looking forward to it and yes  I do not know how that is going to work.I do like the United States and soccer though  They got third place back in      which was the first FIFA World Cup. Nice  maybe they manage to climb back  you never know  The countries that host it do not have any net economic gains.Nope I heard about that  That s why I wonder why they re making an entire city for the World Cup  I guess the women s soccer team is better than the men s soccer team in the United States  Is that correct . Yup  they seem to do much better  soccer players make more money than other sports combined  well the major ones.That is really crazy  I know that football the United States makes a ton of money too  I always wondered why Americans call it soccer  I guess that is slang for association football.Yeah I think football means differnt things in many different countries.Yeah I think you re right  I want to see the soccer variation with three teams  I bet that s really insane.yeah that would be interesting to know  a german soccer player donated his winning from the world cup to kids in brazil.Wow that s really nice of him  I think it was something like three hundred thousand Euros  And it was paying for surgeries for those kids  That is so nice.that is super heartwarming  do you know jon stewart .I do know him  I think he was on The Daily Show correct .Yeah he is and he was also a very skilled soccer player.I didn t know that  what are your thoughts on Tom Hanks .I love the guy he is so talented  he is the highest box office star.Yep I agree  He has a lot of awesome movies  I guess he s made almost   billion dollars worldwide with his film earnings  That is so much . Wow  that is insane  nice chat   
conversation_368  Hello there  do you follow the MLS . I do  I  think Wayne Rooney is a great acquisition for the leage what about you .Yeah I think it was good not only for him and his family but for the league as a whole . I agree  he played at great teams and his an icon of soccer for sure  but there are other great players as well like Ibrahimovich.Yeah I think that has become the new norm is for world class players to end their careers here in the US . There is also another great player that played before Rooney his name is Roy Wegerle  .Yeah I guess Roy was a hell of a player   I guess he played for   different english clubs during his career . He sure was and wat about Eddie Johnson  his been a pro since age     he sure has a good level of skill.Yeah Eddie Johnson and Freddi Adu were touted as being the next big things in soccer   They both had pretty good careers but not as big as hyped up to be . Well its hard since there is a lot of good players out there  sometimes its just a matter of luck   did you watch the last FIFA World Cup .Yeah I get so excited each summer the world cup comes around   How about you . I did  I thought it was a great World Cup  I was rooting for Argentina but I guess France was the best team of the cup overall  I also liked how Croatia played . Yeah France had an amazing team and they finally played like it   Belgium  Croatia  and England did fairly well as well   I think Japan had some of the most exciting games to watch of all the teams  . I agree  those teams were also pretty good and almost made it  Im exited about the World Cup thats going to be hosted in Qatar by      and then in the US by     .Yeah the Qatar one will be too different for me though   Watching the world cup in the middle of winter will be strange . It will be weird I bet the players wont notice it thouhg as Qatar must be really hot even on winter time  its too bad the American soccer team isnt as good in the male category as it is on the female one.Yeah the men s team needed a whole rebuild   They have years to go before they are anywhere close to where the women s team is . I agree  the womans team always place third or above  they must have a lot of support from the government.That and I don t think other countries around the world have the women s programs in place like we do here in the US . Yeah I think they only support mens teams but who know even then the US team might be really great  do you know who Ozil is . Yeah of course I do  I follow the english league very closely   How about you . I do  I like the premier legue and also the Spain league  well Ozil danated his winning bonus on      to children in Brazil so that they could get surgery. Yeah I remember seeing that  very cool   Well it was nice talking with you  I hope you have a nice day  
conversation_369 Hello .Hey   How are you today   Are you an animal person   I live in Florida so we have a ton of wildlife   One I don t like is jellyfish   There is a breed that is immortal .I have never seen a jellyfish in person  I love animals though .I have almost stepped on a few when they wash up on the beach   Scary stuff   Fish in general can be scary like the black swallower than can eat prey ten times its weight .Yeah and twice its own length  Wonder where it puts it all . No kidding   Only one fish has a neck  the seahorse   That seems crazy to me .Did you know freshwater fish only drink water through their skin via osmosis . I did not know that   I think as animal lovers we would be happy in Germany   In       they universally gave animals constitutional rights .I dont know about taking it that far  Seems like they ma be trying to make up for something over there in germany . Haha  very true   That is a lot of animals to give right to   I do now know how many are in Germany  but there are    quintillion individual animals on the planet .That is a boat load of animals huh .I can t even comprehend that number   It is sad so many go extinct like the dodo bird .That is sad  Have you heard where hiccups ome from . Yes  I have actually   They are a holdover from long ago when the first land animals had both gills and lungs .Exactly what I was gonna say  Do you like birds . I do  we have a ton of those in Florida too   They can trace birds back to     million years ago  Wild .Some birds fly from alaska to mexico without sleeping when migrating .That is a crazy fact   Probably helps that their bones are very hollow and their skeleton weighs less than their feathers .That probably doe help . Yea  keeps them aerodynamic .I really do love birds  Ttyl 
conversation_370 Do you like sports . I m not really into sports  but soccer isn t bad  My friend is obsessed with it and was telling me about this guy Freddy Adu who became pro at     I think.Oh tell me more.Apparently he peaked early though and never really became as great as he could be.That is a shame  Do you watch the world cup . No  but my boyfriend has been trying to get me to  He said I should start with women s soccer because the female US team hasn t placed lower than third since they started in      . Despite the US not being as supportive of soccer as other sports  the us teams have done amazingly well in the world cups as you mentioned. Yeah  but i think Americans are getting tired of some of the US only sports  Soccer makes more money than football  basketball  baseball and golf combined .That is because soccer is the most popular internationally.I asked my boyfriend why it s called soccer here and he said it was slang for association football in the states . Honestly  football and american football confused the heck out of me when I was younger  Calling it soccer made it easier. Maybe they should just call American football  stupid ball  and get it over with  I heard the city set to host the fifa in      doesn t even exist yet .True many countries want to host despite no immediate economic benefits. That s really surprising  I heard there are no disceernable economic benefits to host the Olympics either  I guess the whole process is so taxing to the economy and people . Perhaps but it also provides prestige  advertisement  tourism  and jobs so I guess it is worth it. I like that some of the players are altruistic at least  even if sports is mostly about money  I heard a German player donated his         FIFA win money to help kids in Brazil get surgery .That is very generous of him.I heard Jon Stewart was a footballer as well .I hope soccer continues to maintain such a healthy spirit despite allegations of corruption surrounding the league.I am sure it will only gain in popularity as Americans start looking outside the country for what s new and different.I agree  Thanks for your time 
conversation_371  Hi  do you like wine . I am not a big wine drinker  I have it occasionally but sometimes it gives me very bad headaches .I guess Oregon wine is making a big push to be great  I had no idea . I know California is a major wine region  I guess the entire West Coast is a good place to have vineyards .Yeah  I really want to do a vineyard tour in Napa  Have you ever been .No I have not  I will be traveling to Portland this year so I may have to see these Oregon vineyards firsthand now .Nice  My sister loves a vineyard in Oregon  I cannot remember the name though  She got pretty drunk on it and spent like      on a few cases . I ll have to watch how much wine I have  I don t know if I have enough space in my luggage to bring a few cases home . No  she had them mailed to her house  We have different priorities    I do not mind wine in a box  She has  standards   Ha .I believe a lot more wineries are using the box delivery method  I think it saves them money and helps keep the wine fresher .I think so too  Do you enjoy star wars .Yes I ve watched all the movies  I m probably not as big a fan as a lot of people  How about you .I do like them but am not a huge fan  I thought I knew a lot but then got humbled by a true fan  They take that stuff really seriously . Yes they do  I have heard a lot of them reference stories from outside the movies  I did not know there was so much lore in that universe .I had no idea the original lightsaber is in the international space station  Wow   . That s really cool  I wonder if any of the astronauts have taken it out to pretend to be Luke Skywalker . I would  I would also keep it secret like they did in empire strikes back  telling the crew lies .That must have been great to watch the crew s reaction when the real line was filmed .I think they have done that with other shows in the past to not give away the ending of finales   . Yes I have heard that they ll make fake scripts  only allow certain people on set  and put the names of actors on script pages in case it leakes .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_372 I m so ready for daylight savings time and longer days  Did you know that when the Earth was formed a day was only     hours long . interesting  lets talk about the planets more  Most planets spin around the run but uranus rolls around it  .That s interesting  Did you know that Jupiter s moon Ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun . i did not  there is a planet     light years away that might have the building blocks of life.That s amazing  As long as it s not the planet where shards of glass rain sideways at      mph .Not to mention on that same planet the temperature is      degrees Fahrenheit .That definitely sounds like Hell to me .Lets talk about Luke Skywalker next  He is played by Mark Hamill and was originally written as a woman .That s interesting  I want to book an overnight stay at his boyhood home . I would also want to  it only cost     but its in Tunisia .That would be an amazing stay .They kept the relationship of Luke and Vader a secret throughout the filming  The cast and crew did not know the entire time . That had to have helped the suspense  Did you know the original lightsaber prop is inside the International Space Station  and was flown by sts     in August      .I did not  They hid the secret from the cast and crew and gave them a fake script where it said obi wan killed his father . Wow  what a great scheme  In       Star Wars  A New Hope was dramatized and turned into a   hour long radio broadcast  I d like to listen to that .I would also  Lets talk about earth next  its sad to think that more then    percent of the earths forest are already gone. It is awful  We re destroying this planet inch by inch in the short time we ve been here  If the earth s entire history was viewed as a    hour period  humans would only represent   minute and    seconds . The earth will be pretty much helium free by the end of the   st century  I wonder what happens then  .No more balloons .That s one thing I guess  There is an appointed ambassador to extraterrestrials just in case they want to say hi. That s cool  I wonder if that was the inspiration for Space Force .Maybe  The earth was formed more then     billions years ago  It was nice talking to you  
conversation_373 Good Morning  The weekend is very near  Have you got any plans .Good morning  No I don t as yet   I d like to get out and see some stars some night soon   I don t have a telescope that is all the powerful though  I imagine mine is more like Galileo s telescope   Do you have plans .Not so much yet  My brother is getting married though  so there s that  I am trying to find the right gift for them .Congratulations   Have you considered wine for a gift   I ve heard that California chardonnays are very good for challenging perceptions of what wine should taste like .My brother and I are not much of drinkers  I do know that wines can have more alcohol content than beer though  like average        I feel like we can make an exception on drinking this occasion though . I think you can   Some wines go good with food   There is a wine  La Cabotte Colline Cotes du Rhone Blanc that goes good with seafood . I have heard of white wine pairing good with seafood  but honestly I m not sure what food they re going to have  I think maybe pasta or steak . That sounds good   I ve heard that red wines go good with beef   I think there is a wine out of Tierra de Castilla  Spain that is said to be a good partner for meat and pasta dishes .I might just go with that option  I ve always thought of wine to be high end and expensive but at     a bottle its pretty reasonable . I think it definitely is reasonable and with so many wines out there nowadays price is probably no longer an issue   I mean  the bottle I was telling you about comes from Spain .I like to hear some critics reviews on some wines because of the way they describe the taste of the drinks .I know what you mean  They make them sound beautiful and perfect   I know of one that is described to have the aroma of white flowers and have an appealing waxy texture   I am not sure how wax can be appealing however .It sounds like they ate wax sometime in their lives  There s one I enjoyed hearing that said they  whack you in the face with an oak two by four .Hahaha  I wonder what that means   I ve heard of one that is described to be racy   I didn t know wine could be racy . For the   th  I d definitely recommend a Smith Madrone chardonnay  Critiques say it wraps you in a lovingly warm blanket  .That does sound nice   Wines sound romantic and such until you learn where you can buy them at   Some wines are available at a store called the Wine Outlet .It sounds so convenient and easy to decide where to get them from now too  I know they can be ordered online too . I ve heard that too   It does make it convenient  especially since so many wines are made all of the world such as In Puglia  Italy .All these wines from europe sound and im sure theyre good  I think I d rather support some from USA though  I know california has a few good ones . Definitely   Napa Valley California is known for wine  particularly chardonnays like the Smith Madrone chardonnay .I feel like the west coast is where to go  California and Oregon both seem to have the better reviews 
conversation_374 I was reading a factual section about Luke Skywalker and found it very interesting that his role was initially written as a girl.I had no idea  I also read that the original light saber that he used is in the space station . thats some cool stuff  It seems to be an extremely well liked franchise  I personally really like how the writers changed up the script so the secret of darth vader being Luke s father wouldn t be leaked .I never knew that there was a radio broadcast of the film in        It would be fun to listen to as a podcast now .Agreed  though   hours is a little long of my liking lol.I knew that luke was a twin to Princess Leia but i can t keep up with the other relatives and relationships  I would have to binge watch all of the movies . that s going to take you a few days to do  It s cool how scientists have discovered a planters that has the  building blocks of life   Maybe the star wars franchise depicts what the entire universe would look like in a few hundred years.That would be amazing  The UN made an ambassador of extraterrestrials incase we ever make contact with any  Ha . ahaha very true  The UN definitely knows something that the rest of us don t  Seems like an odd job to have  how would you even have the qualifications for something like that. And are they really paid  Who knows  Are you interested in Earth science  Did you know that when the earth was first formed  a day was only   and half hours long . how would you even communicate with  aliens   i doubt they would speak a recognizable language lol if they already created this positions maybe we ll have contact with extraterrestrials sooner than we thought  If they came to earth do you think it d be a friendly visit  and yes I am  so cool .I have watch enough science fiction movies  It seems that other beings would be more advanced than we are We seem to not be able to solve global warming  The earth is     water and I am afraid the polar ice caps are melting . yeah thats a common theme i noticed in movies too  They re much more advanced and powerful  yet humans always seem to win the battle some way  But maybe aliens would be chill and would want peace with humans  You re so right  and to think that there are people who don t believe in global warming.I also read that      of the earths forests have already been destroyed  Very sad.Seems like we re destroying Earth very quickly  the article mentioned that human s existence would represent   minute and    seconds in comparison to earth s entire history  Yet already we ve done so much damage.We really do have an amazing planet in that it sustains life but  there are so many planets in the universe  I wonder how uranus rolls around the sun rather than spins .Honestly to think about how any of this exists is amazing  have you read that there s a planet with pieces of glass that perpetuate sideways at     mph  that almost sounds made up.That is not something I have never heard  The fact that building blocks of life we detected     light years away is difficult to fathom .Maybe there s a planet in our universe that also has living life forms  It s interesting how Venus doesn t title so therefore it has no seasons.Also I had known that Jupiter had moons but that one of them would be considered a planet if it rotated around the sun is pretty cool . Funny how the definition of  planets  is controversial and how Pluto is technically no longer considered as one.That involves a lot of updating of text books .I guess this is just the natural progression of science  definitions will change and we ll continue to discover new things.It has been nice chatting .yes  enjoy the rest of the day .Thanks .thanks 
conversation_375  hi how are you  i think we are back online  Lets talk about the earth  shall we .I live on it . Yes  it is a great place to live  I have lived here my entire life . LOL  did you know that the earth will be helium free by the end of the   st century  .I wonder why that is  where does helium come from and where does it go  we will have to find a solution to that .I m not actually sure  I m actually not even sure if that is true . Yeah  sometimes the facts that i encounter in this vicinity of the internet seem a little less than factish  . Yup  I can t disagree there  Did you know the UN already has an ambassador to aliens  .I wonder who decided that was necessary  and how much of the budget goes to cover that job  how do i get that job .I m not sure  It sounds sort of iffy to me . Yeah  i guess they need a background in science  and maybe a ton of political connections  LOL. Hilarious  yeah  who knows  Or maybe they are just some weirdo  . Yeah   Hey  that guy is a nutter  but we cant fire him  Alien ambassador  Yeah  he will buy that  give him that job  . BINGO  Did you know that when the earth was first formed  a day was only     hours long  . That is amazing  soon the day will be quite long  if humans are still around  the    hour work day  hm . Exactly  I already do a    hour work day  LOL. Yes  one of the privileges of modern life LOL  Our time on this earth is short  but our work day is not .Correct  Did you see the new Wonder Woman movie . I havent seen it  but i have heard good things  i think that gal gadot is great casting  Anyway  great chat . Yeah  I haven t seen it either  Nice chatting with you .Have a good evening  lets hope that the server stays up 
conversation_376  hey there  do you like movies .I do  I actually saw    Shades of Grey with a friend for Valentine s Day in IMAX .that was a huge box office hit  do you know who is the highest all time box star . No  who is it . tom hanks  and I am not surprised he is a good actor. He is very likable and doesn t take on bad roles  so he should be one of the top earners  even though less skilled actors can manage to do pretty well .that is very true  his movies seem to always have a good morale about them.Do you think he would have brought anything to the table in an action film like Wonder Woman . oh for sure  wonder woman is the highest grossing superhero origin movie. I d like to see more female led movies top the box office  how about you .me too  I am excited and looking forward to wonder woman  .I think it s interesting that the prequels that were released as follow ups to the Original Star Wars weren t as profitable. I know  I guess everyone just really loved the trilogy .I m glad there won t be another trilogy of    Shades of Garbage movies haha. Oh yes  no thank you  I do not see the point of that  did you know that Gal Gadot who plays wonder woman served in the israeli defense forces . It s always nice to see someone bring some street cred to their art by having real life experience  right .of course  and she did not even know she was auditioning for wonder woman. That s pretty crazy  Some say the Dakota Johnson got her role in    Shades through nepotism  but she actually ended up carrying the films .You never know I guess what goes on behind the curtains. Yes  especially on set  Apparently the author of the books and the director of the movie could not agree on a common vision for    Shades as a film .that must have been tough and taken time to figure out  it was nice chatting with you
conversation_377 DO you follow box office movies .Yes I do  Do you know who is the star of box office .Yes it is Tom Hanks with over      billion overall.Yeah that is awesome  Did you know Disney considered closing their studio once .Yes after Sleeping Beauty totally flopped in box office. Yeah I am glad they kept going though  they have made some awesome movies.True   Do you know how much Trojan cost to make .Yes it was a staggering     million and made only over     . That was a huge loss on behalf of the studio  sadly.Yeah  Did you see WOnder Woman . I did and I really loved it  it was great  and you .Yes me too  It is the highest grossing origin superhero movie.Yes and also the highest grossing WWII movie too.Yes  And also one of the three top grossing with a female lead.Nice  Did you know Gal Gadot was in the Israeli defense forces.So cool  When she was auditioning she did not know it was for wonder woman.Yes she thought it was for catwoman instead.Yes  Did you know the wonder woman was first introduced as a secretary .Yes that was back in      but she has made her way through now.Yeah  It was nice chatting with you.Same here and have a good one
conversation_378  Hi  do you like baseball .yah i like baseball   what abt u .I love baseball  Did you know baseball managers wear uniforms because they can technically play if needed .ohh nice   A   million   worth of     s baseball cards in his baseball games played each yr.Wow that s crazy  Kickball is also called soccer baseball in Canada .hmm its also crazy    what abt shoe .I like shoes  Do you .i love shoe   i have    pairs of shoe  .Wow that s a lot of shoes  Marbury promoted a line of shoes that retailed at     .which shoe brand u like .I love Nike  What about you .i like adidas.Adidas is good too  Professional ballet dancers can go through   pairs of ballet shoes per week .hmm yah        yr old shoe perform better than modern shoes.That s pretty crazy  You would think shoes would have gotten better over time .what abt Target .My wife likes to shop at Target  I m not a huge fan  I think they have expensive products .yah i m also think that way  .I agree  I saw Best Buy and Target will price match Amazon .I think walmart is littlely low price to compare Target. I agree  Well  it was great chatting with you 
conversation_379  Hi  how are you .I am good  How are you   Do you like baseball   Have you ever heard of their unwritten rules such as if you hit one of our we ll hit one of yours . Well  Yes and yes  I do not like the unwritten rules  Seems too unfun    Do you like them . Some of them seem more like common sense to me   I mean  not bringing a pet to the batting cage for one makes sense . That one does make sense  Mine are more like  pimp your HR trot  Go ahead  Ill be better next time   .I like the unwritten rule of don t eat baked beans before a double header and don t order out for sushi during a rain delay . I understand the baked beans  that s common courtesy    But what s wrong with sushi . I don t know  maybe they think the guy will get sick or something   The players do do some running to bases and maybe they think that ll slow them down .Makes sense  I do hate the rule about stealing when you are down or trying a bunt when you are getting no hit .What does the rule say about those . Don t do those things  If you are down big  you shouldn t steal  If you have not gotten a hit  you shouldn t bunt .I don t think I like those either   It would seem to me you would want to steal and try to make some runs   Hey did you know that a team will get three bases if the opposing team catches a ball in their hat .I know a ton about baseball but had no idea that is a rule  Thanks for the knowledge .I ve watched my fair share of games and never knew that till recently myself   I just thought of some more common sense rules though   How about don t drop a gum wrapper in the dug out .Or be hygienic and don t spit seeds all over the dug out  So gross  Or chew tabacco .I don t think there s much chance of this one   don t throw an Eephus pitch to anyone named Eephus .Who the hell knows someone names Eephus let alone someone named Eephus in the MLB   . I know  right    Some of these rules are so odd   Some I don t understand like don t throw a four seam fastball to a five tool player .They need to write these down because I am getting confused   . They really do but these are the  unwritten  ones   I guess you re supposed to just know   Not wearing a batting glove to brunch is one I would just know .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_380 hi how are you  do you like baseball . Hi  I think it is fun to learn about  I don t understand why the managers can also be players  That is sort of odd .that must date back to the day when one of the players was chosen to manage as well  like an onfield boss or leader . Oh okay  that makes more sense for sure  The rules can be outdated sometimes  I think  I remember a story about a man who found old baseball cards in his grandpas attic  Being outdated is a good thing then . yes  those old cards would be worth a lot to someone  i would sell some of them and keep the rest as an investment . Yes  the man found out that they were worth   million dollars  in fact . that is wonderful chunk of change  more that you could make just by chatting online with someone  i think LOL Would you sell the cards . Yeah  I think I would too  As soon as I hired a police escort to the bank  Baseball is so popular in Japan  did you know that . yes  i have been to games there  the fans are different  but just as enthusiastic  i recommend going . Oh  neat what a fun experience  Yeah I learned that the fans in Japan just can t believe that Americans consider it a passtime . yes  they are not aware of how big stuff outside of Japan is  they think that      started in Japan  strange  but now many japanese players are in the MLB . Oh wow  what a trip  I think its neat how pro athletes give things and money to causes  For instance some NFL player leave their shoes on the field n order to bring awareness to homelessness . yes  that is a great way to raise awareness  i wish more athletes did things like that  . Me too  it make a real difference  I am a big fan of Target too  lol  I guess just because they price match and I like to shop . i havent gone there much  it looks like a clean  safe walmart  i guess it is good that they price match . Yeah  they have all sorts of thing but havent sold tobacco since      . yeah  i thought that was strange  there is money in cigs  and people buy them  i guess they felt it was a bad way to make money . Yeah  I agree to let people buy and sell what they want to we are free here  its nice  I think they sell ballet shoes there too and I know my daughter goes through   pairs a week as a professional ballet dancer . I would probably go through    pairs  I would not be any good as a ballerina  Anyway  great chat . HA  yeah me too   I need to find some slippers at Target  They should have a ton available .Slippers  Ok  I did not know that  Have a great day .Slippers are good for watching baseball games on tv  I need to catch up on that New York Giants game today  They beat the Dodgers .What  Football and baseball  I dont get it . Yeah  I don t know why they named them the same either  Good chatting with ya and have a great rest of your day watching all sports  like me 
conversation_381 Hi do you have an Android or an iPhone . Hi there  I have an iPhone and you .Nice me too  Did you know women are more likely to own one than men .I wonder why though  Have you heard of the game Send me to heaven . I have   that is the game where people throw their phones as high as they can.Yeah and that is why Apple had to get in between and ban the game  Pretty stupid one.Yeah agree  When the iPhone came out Jobs has to have identical ones with him as they kept crashing during the reveal.Yeah that is pretty cool  Microsoft held a funeral for the iPhone when they revealed theirs.Yeah that did not go very well because the iPhone sales have sky rocketed.True  Do you listen to the radio . I do sometimes  I listen to Pandora and you . Me too  it is a good one  They have a revenue of      million but their net income is negative.Yeah that is strange to me  They now are streaming comedy also.Yeah they are branching it seems  Did you know Swift removed her music from there .Actually she removed it from Spotify because she does not believe it should be free but kept it in Pandora. Right  not sure if that worked well for her though  Aloe Blacc has     million streams in Pandora but only got        .THat is nothing for those millions  Do you play video games .I used to play Nintendo until it was discontinued in Japan on      .Yeah  Did you know it only has    colors .Wow only      Pretty awesome for all the fun that it provided us with.Exactly  Do you know who Bill Nye is . Yeah that is the science guy  I really liked his show
conversation_382 Hi there do you have an iPhone or an Android . Hi  I have an iPhone  Do you know when the first one was released . Yeah that was back on       seems so long ago now. I know it sure does  Among users  women are more likely to own one than men.Oh cool fact  Microsoft in fact held a funeral to mark the death of the iPhone when they launched theirs.Wow that did not work very well because the iPhone has had tremendous sales.Exactly  Have you heard of the game send me to heaven . I did  and Apple banned it because people were supposed to throw the phones as high as possible and risked damaging them .That is so stupid  When Steve Jobs presented it first he has identical ones hidden because they kept crashing.Yeah it kept running our of ram and that is why it crashed  Those days are over though.They sure are  Do you listen to the radio much .Yes I listen to Pandora Radio  How about you .Yes me too  Their net income is      million and the revenue is      million.Wow that is so strange  Now they are streaming stand up comedy .That is nice they are diversifying their stream  When Swift removed her music from iTunes she still kept it in Pandora. Maybe that means more of her fans moving over to Pandora  so that is good revenue right there.Yeah that is true  Have you ever played Nintendo .I have actually  Did you know it only had    colors .Wow that is it  Too bad it got discontinued in Japan in      though. That  is true  I have some fond memories of it  Do you know who Bill Nye is .Yeah he is the science guy who got his break by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest .Haha yeah that is pretty cool  Nice chat 
conversation_383 Do you think electronic devices are having a negative impact on families .I think they have some negative impact but they also do a lot of good  In my opinion the benefits outweigh the negative aspects .Do you think it s important to use parental controls . To an extent  but just to keep harmful stuff that they would be accidentally be exposed to  if I didnt feel my child was mature enough to handle having electronic devices then I would just not let them have them . Yes  raising kids in the digital age can be tricky  and it is important to encourage them to develop   st century skills for potential future STEM careers .That is true  I think kids are growing up a lot differently than i did  I think it will actually make them smarter because whatever they want to know they can learn it right now  If they want to learn rocket science they can start to learn it on the internet today  It wasnt like that when I was a kid . Some people think that screen time should be managed according to content more than limits  such as an ability for parents to switch between educational and entertainment apps . I think it just depends on the kid  you re not going to get a kid that doesnt care about learning new things to learn new things by trying to make them do it  I mean if all they want to do is facebook with their friends all day then you might have to take the phone away  but I dont think forcing them to read a book or try to learn something will work .This is an area that probably still needs a lot of collaboration between parents and technology companies in order to develop appropriate tools .I agree with you there .I have an iPhone that my kids like to steal from me .Thats funny  Heres another funny one  Did you hear about the send me to heaven game for iphone .I did  I wonder if anyone really ever played that  Would not want my kids to play that with my phone .No wonder Iphone disabled the app for ecouraging actions that could damage device huh  Lol . Yeah  you re right  iPhones have come a long way  When Steve Jobs first presented them he had to switch between two iPhones because they would run out of ram and crash .I heard that microsoft held a funeral for the iphone when they came out with their first device . Haha  too bad it did not work  iPhone seems healthier than ever .I have only had one Iphone before  It was an Iphone    I didn t really like it as well as android .Do you play games on your phone  I don t really though I used to like to play Nintendo .Not really anymore  I used to play a few but they all got old  Haven t found any I like yet .The NES was finally discontinued in September      in Japan  I really liked playing mine 
conversation_384  Hi  are you a tech person . Hello  somewhat  I enjoy all the advantages . Me too  I want to know so much more and be better but alas  I cannot . Yes  Its very exciting on all the new stuff that will be coming out  .I was surprised to find out that women own more iphones than men . Really  I didn t know that  That surprises me  I thought it would be about equal  Iphone s have    elements in them .      Huh    I feel like iphones are older than    years  They came out in      .I did too  Did you know Apple s app store has     million applications available .That s a ton  I wonder how many are actually active as in kept up or updated  How much egg does Microsoft have on it s face for holding a funeral for the iphone . lol  yes  That was since January       I love my Iphone its with me most of the day  like everyone else  .Ditto  I am reading Steve Jobs  biography and man he was a genius but didn t seem very nice . lol  I have heard that before  I heard alot of those guys don t want their kids on the phones and ipads  .I dont either and I am pretty sure I am addicted to the dopamine hit I get everytime I open my phone . True  Do you listen to Pandora   I see they have a cap on how much you can listen for free .I do not any more  I hit that cap and then switched to spotify where I pay for the premium service  Do you like pandora .I too use spotify  I like it better  Did you know that the NFL is legally considered entertainment than a sport like the WWE .Really  I had no idea  I wonder why that is .Must be for legal reasons  I was surprised as well  Who knew  I would say the Iphone holds alot of entertainment  .So did nintendo  They only had    colors . Yes  I remember that  I didn t realize it had only those few colors  I think I still have it somewhere  lol Good chat .Ditto  Have a great day 
conversation_385 hey my friend do you like star wars .Of course   Chewbacca is my favorite .yes he s awesome  he s Han Solo s best friend and I always wanted Chewbacca as my friend .Did you know that various wild animals were used to make his voice . oh wow I didn t know that  also didn t know that he has a wife and   sons  weird .Chewbacca does . yup he does haha  also there is a fan theory that Chewy and R D  are actually secret rebel agents.Now come on    that s just crazy   . ya I know  very screwy  pretty funny that in real life there is a bat species called the chewbacca bat haha.Now i definitely never heard that one before    wonder if it looks like chewie . ya I want to have a pet bat now  I like that the same actor has appeared as Chewy in all the movies  his name is Peter Mayhew. Yeah  i did know that and he s like   foot   inches i believe. yup the dude is huge  do you have Netflix btw  .yes i do   of course   . oh haha I don t have it  I just watch youtube  but ya can t believe blockbuster had the chance to buy them for only    million .i know    isn t that crazy   Now there s only one blockbuster store left in the world and it s in alaska. ya that is sad  and also Netflix is worth like   billion  thats a crazy improvement in valuation .true    but they are so responsible for the streaming movie industry being so huge .yup that is true  did you hear the story of how netflix got started .actually yes    how he tired of late fees and after a    what    like    dollar late fee started netfilx . haha yup that s all it took  Reed hasting got that late fee for Apollo    and changed history haha.Yep    great chat    have a good one 
conversation_386  hi  do you like netflix .Hello   I m a big fan and have had it for years   What about you . yes me too  I have an account  Did you know blockbuster too .I used to go to blockbuster until we started using Netflix   Can you believe that Netflix tried to get Blockbuster to use it s online service and Blockbuster flat out refused .Yeah and they mad a bad business decision not buying netflix when they could. Absolutely   It s so convenient and Blockbuster really missed that   I wish I could get hired as a  tagger  to watch Netflix all the time .Me too seems like such a sweet gig for sure  Did you know hot netflix got started .I m not sure I do   I m anxious to hear how .Reed Hastings had to play a late fee for a rented vhs and got tired of it.LOL   When I get a late fee I just end up having to pay for it  What s amazing is that Netflix even managed to secure viewing rights for a number of Star Wars movies   Are you a fan of that franchise .I am for sure  Well and now netflix accounts for     of all bandwidth in north america.I m sure I ll be adding to those bandwidth  s when I start watching those Star Wars films   Did you know it s actually in the Guinness World Records for it s film merchandising .Wow that is amazing  do you know Isaac requested that he be a native of planey yavin   . That s so cool   I love those types of things  For instance  the prequel  Obi Wan   Ewan McGregor  has a brother who is a pilot and has the call sign  Obi Two  .Nice one  Did you know it was the first major movie dubbed in Navajo .I didn t know that and it s amazing the influence of that movie   I guess famed director James Cameron was a truck driver and after watching Star Wars decided he was interested in film and quit his job . Yeah there you go  Lucas  wife won an academy award   do you know what for .Really   I am curious to know more about that .She made changes to the original idea of the star wars and that is how she won.Interesting  I wonder if she had any suggestions about the character Chewbacca   I m guessing she didn t or he would likely have got a medal at the end of Star Wars . Yeah I bet  Back to Netflix  did you know they spend more money on postage than bandwidth .What is interesting about that is I was a member back when they sent DVDs to your home   I didn t realize that postage would still be a big thing for them .Yeah go figure  nice chat 
conversation_387 hello do you like chewbacca from star wars .Hello  I love Chewie   I think it s awesome that MTV gave him a lifetime achievement award . Thats awesome   Well deserved too   he has done a lot for the galaxy   lol I recently learned theres a species of bat called chebacca lol . Is there really  That is so cool  We were at the Krewe of Chewbacchus parade last year  They really nailed his voice  I don t know if they used recordings of wild animals or not  but they were awesome .Thats awesome   Some star wars fans think chewie and r d  are rebel agents lol. lol   Of course  that makes a lot of sense  since Chewie and Han are so close .I never knew that chewie has a wife and   sons   Hes a family man lol. I didn t know that either  Peter Mayhew is an amazing actor  and it was a long time before I realized he played Chewie . I never knew him until star wars   what else has he been in . He was in Dark Towers  back in the    s and he also voices an animated series  I forget which one  . Oh I see   I guess i never seen those  Have you seen the newer star wars movies   what do you think . My favorite of the new ones  is Rogue One  I love that movie  I m glad it s finally on Netflix  I m getting tired of watching the fireplace when I can t sleep . I really liked that one Rogue one   so I have a Nissan Rogue   and I named it Jyn lol Netflix is great   watching anything good  . lol  I really don t watch much of it  my kids are fond of their original program  The Santa Clarita Diet . Oh I actually like that too   its really funny   I love the relationship between the parents   they are so supportive lol . I m not a fan of Drew Barrymoore  but she is great in that  I ve always wondered how you get a job as a tagger for the company  I can watch t v  all day long  if I have too .Whats a tagger . People who are paid to watch Netflix  and tag content  Kinda like they do on Instagram  Have you seen Lilyhammer  I heard it was good . No I never knew that   that is awesome   I also want that job lol . I also want the job of monitoring illegal downloads in Europe  so I can tell Netflix which shows to purchase .hahaha nice   Its been great chatting with you 
conversation_388 Did you know horror movies were originally inspired by literature . Yeah I think classic authors like Poe  Bram Stoker  and Mary Shelley inspired the genre  . Speaking of horror films  the movie  Halloween  made       million at the box office last October  That s crazy . That is  I think it is really hard to make good horror movies  do you like Stephen King .I do  Do you know the first movie King was ever scared by was Bambi .That is hilarious   I wonder why he would say that .I feel so happy for Jamie Lee Curtis for the success of Halloween.Yeah I would say that she is the face of that franchise for sure . Researchers found that out of       films from      to       only     of the main characters were women. That is very low  I would figure there would be more .I heard that Halloween is now the second biggest opening ever for an R rated horror movie  Do you know what s first . That I don t know  maybe one of the recent ones   I thought the Shining was good  did you ever see that one . Yes  I loved it  The boy from The Shining  Danny  actually didn t know he was in a horror movie until later on  . That s what I heard   That is too funny  I wonder what kind of movie he thought he was doing .I guess he thought he was making a drama film  Genres can overlap with each other so maybe it is difficult .Yeah that is definitely true   Do you know what the thing is called that makes all those metallic sounds in horror movies .They re made by an instrument called a waterphone . Good call   Yeah I wonder if that is the only thing they are used for  like more of a prop just for movies  . I was wondering the same  With how much money horror films make  it probably isn t needed for anything else .Yeah they probably just have them waiting in the studio for it .I just remembered that Silence of the Lambs made      million at the box office when it came out  That movie must ve been first  ahead of Halloween . Holy cow that is a ton of money   Nice talking with you  i hope you have a good night  
conversation_389 Hey have you ever seen the movie Halloween  Or even the newest one with Jamie Lee Curtis.I have not  I like her  But I don t really like horror films  Have you . No I saw the original one but I didn t see the newest one  my friend side and said it was really bad so I wanted to see your opinion. Ok  I do like SOME horror  but I usually pick and choose  I liked The Shining  The Omen  The Exorcist  Rosemary s Baby  What about you . Yeah those are all good movies  I also liked Friday the   th and Nightmare on Elm Street  The new Halloween note took in about     in only   days  so it was definitely popular.I haven t seen those  I think that remakes are risky  The comparisons are inevitable .Yep it s always hard to beat the original  And yes the new Halloween movie is actually being released on the   th anniversary of the release of the first one.I would rather watch the original  It probably has charm  The new one is probably too slick .Yeah I think the original is going to be the best  Did you know that Stephen King actually thinks that the movie Bambi should be a horror movie . He was traumatized as a child  That movie did have death  so it could be scary  Anyway  he turned his trauma into a career .Well that s really good for him  Do you think that horror movies actually burn almost     calories per movie  If so I should watch more to lose weight LOL. I wonder if the effect wears off  No surprise  no tension  I would rather exercise  By the way  do you like horses .No I don t like horses I m actually allergic to them LOL and apparently so is Clint Eastwood.I have never ridden a horse  I would like to  Is it hard  I figure you have to take lessons or something . Yeah you do have to learn  it s actually very uncomfortable even in a saddle  I think it s cool that Dalmatians were used with firehouses in order to calm the horses back before fire trucks.I ve heard that the dogs were deaf  I wonder if that s true . I think some Dalmatians are born deaf but not all of them are  what do you think about the high school students who rode horses to school  The high school had a no vehicle policy at the time  and so they rode horses instead lol. I think they were cheeky for doing so  but I admire their chutzpah . Yep I can admire that  I would never have done that as a kid haha  It s interesting that Clint Eastwood was not always allergic to horses but developed it once he hit midlife. I don t think I have an allergy to them  Anyway  great chat .Well don t spend too much time around horses just in case you develop a allergy to them LOL I wish I didn t have the allergy
conversation_390 Do you have children . No I do not  how about you .I do and he seems to be hitting puberty  Moody tween all the time .Ah I assume that is causing some difficultly  Is there anything in particular he is stubborn on . He is a great kid  until he plays Fortnite  Something about that game gets him all jacked up and he acts like a different kid .There have been a lot of studies on video games and it s effect on children  The consensus always seems to be that they use it as an outlet . I think listening to the way the other people talk and act affects him  He s usually mild and polite  but when he plays with them  he gets very hyper and surly  I also think it s the change in hormones . That could very well be the case  Hormones seem to do something to susceptibility  at least it was for me as a teen  . He s also at the awkward  trying to figure out who he is  stage  It s fun to really watch his personality develop .It s such a weird place to be in the world  They are starting to take on more adult responsibilities but at the same time are still kids in a lot of ways . Right  He is such a little kid about some things  but he s starting to look at girls differently and it s a weird situation to be in  He used to tell me everything  but not so much anymore .Wanting to have some secrets its about right developmentally speaking  Just feeling out some small forms of independence . His voice has also started to change  He is taking after his father with a super low  bass filled voice  It s crazy to hear that low deep voice come out of a kid  I m wondering what else we are going to be in store for as he changes .Has he already been through the outgrowing every bit of clothing stage . He s growing like he s getting paid for it  Every weekend we are going through his clothes and getting rid of what is too small  Especially pants and long sleeve shirts  he has long legs and arms . Ugh  that has got to be the worst  Even with standard clothing it s got to be expensive and then occasions come up where you need things like suits and you know odds are they are only going to wear it once  . We are sticking with a lot of khaki pants and nice dress shirts  If he has to have a suit  we ll have to buy it a couple of days before the event  there s no other way to deal with it . That is a really smart plan  Forget even trying to tailor it  it will never be worth the cost and time . I agree totally  tailoring is not worth it at all  I ve been lucky with consignments and things so far  but the more he grows and the older he gets  I can t do that as much anymore  I just hope that puberty won t be terribly long as far as the growing is concerned .I know thrift store typically had a lot of nicer things for women but you re right the men s selections seems to be lacking  It seems like once a man is fully grown and gets a good suit they never let it go. Absolutely  my husband has had the same sport s coat for years . I m a little envious  seems like women are expected to swap out a new dress for each even  . Yeah  women definitely get the short end of the stick as far as clothing goes 
conversation_391 Do you have kids that are around    or past that . I have teens  thankfully both went through puberty without turning into monsters . I ve have   kids that are adults now   I don t remember this  monster  thing   I think I m reading the exploits of a snowflake millennial  . Mine are gen Z   early        so I don t have any experience with the    s millennials  Did you know Apple had a clothing line in the    s . Yes I did   If this parent need a box of wine for     year olds  he she is in for a big surprise  . Meh  it s a blog  They tend to exaggerate for social media  I would love to go to the unclaimed luggage store in Alabama  Maybe I could find mine from several years ago . Yeah but I don t like it when people make it look like kids are a huge problem even if it s for their own attention   Yeah  I probably have luggage somewhere in ATL  . If anything  all that does is show your lack of parenting skills   and alcohol problem . Yeah  like that s a good solution    getting lit  Funny  polo shirts should actually be called tennis shirts because a tennis player invented them .I prefer the office attire of Hawaii  Suits and ties are too stifling in that heat .Amen to that   Or maybe a colorful wardrobe full of Pilgrim clothes   The Pilgrims got a bad rap for always wearing black   Not true   .I like the uniform at Billy Mays  funeral  Blue shirts and khaki pants were what the pallbearers were wearing  May as well be comfortable . Yes  that s cool   It s going to be OK to wear flip flops at mine   I m a noted tie hater   .Are you familiar with the theory that the universe is one giant hologram . Yes  I m an engineer that wishes he was and astrophysicist   It s also wild that there may be a region of space that s pulling galaxy s outside the observable universe   .I think it s fascinating that there are stars cold enough to touch .Does that mean cold fusion is for real   Some think that there is only one electron in the universe   That one hell of an electron . I think it might be  makes you wonder what needs to be revisited in space  or at least give Tycho Brahe   Johannes Kepler a read .Huge fans of them as I am of Newton   We lost most of the universe recently in that we don t know what dark matter and dark energy is   it is most of the universe and we can t see it .Newton built upon Copernicus  works  I need to revisit all of them . I admire their accomplishments   Thanks  you ve been a great chat partner  
conversation_392 hi how are you  Do you use youtube . I do  daily  how about you .I use it a lot  i listen to old songs and jazz albums  what do you tube on YouTube .I mostly watch videos about investing and finance.That is great  a chance to study and learn  i think youtube is a great learning tool . yeah  its a great learning tool for sure  Which old songs do you like the most on youtube     s    s    s    s .   s and   s  though jazz from the   s  what about you  what music would you listen to .I grew up in the    s and    s and I still listen to the music from those decades . Yeah  great pop and rocks tunes  I enjoy taking YouTube back on a tour of the past .yeah I like watching the old comics from that era also  They were way more free then and didnt need to be so PC . Yeah  they could take more risks  but i guess they were risks at the time  i dont like censorship  i would like youtube to put up warnings but leave the content there .Yeah seems like today everyone is so easily offended . Yeah  well  there is power in sanctimony  WHAT DID YOU SAY    Im offended    LOL. yeah  I reckon it pays to be a victim  I did not know that police have their own youtube called bluetube.I guess they trade tips on Blutube  I would love to watch .yeah probably some good ones on blutube . the latest weapons  armor  drugs  and vehicles  gangs and stuff  lots of fun  good for writing a screenplay .Have you tried Youtube music or TV  wondering what others think of it . I usually just listen to music on Youtube  i sometimes watch documentaries  Anyway  great chat .You too  have a good weekend.Have a good weekend too .thanks
conversation_393  Hello  Did you know there is a violin made of stone  and it is actually playable . Never heard of that  Wonder if it has   strings  like normal violins . I would imagine so  Larry  three stooges fame  also played  I guess he was very good . Heard he burned an arm as a child  and violion lessons helped strengthen damaged nerves  Was he good . If WWI hadn t happened  I guess we would have found out  as he was headed to a music school. I see  Same era  Einstein  already a famous physicist  also played violin exceptionally well . My daughter has a poster of him above her bed  with the quote  The Greatest Scientists Are Artists As Well   She says its inspiration for both her art and music . That s great  Have you ever read or seen the film based on the      A E W  Mason book   The Four Feathers  . I have not  Is it the one that the judge tried to ban  due to featuring a black character . Good question  I don t know  but since much of the story is based in the Middle East during      s conflicts there  some Arab characters are featured  Could they have been called  moors    or black . I m not sure  as I ve never read it  I m more of a sci fi fan  and love that Poe had a cyborg in one of his stories . Edgar Allen  yes  Still re read his  Cask of Amontilliado  story and the poem   The Raven   Ahead of his time  that writer .Have you checked out the wiki that ranks all of the fictional characters according to their powers and abilities . No  but interesting feature  Did you know that powerful ruler  for real   Julius Caesar even wrote fiction .I heard something about him writing about hercules  Have you read it .Not Caesar s fan fiction  Hercules and Oedipus are main heroes in Greek epics  Caesar would have known about them . I haven t read much of that  I mainly read travel guides  as I travel a lot  I m hoping to get to Macinac Island this summer  and bike around the island . Understand that it is a lovely  slow paced place  Try a horse drawn carriage there  Have you  like Caesar  ever been to Greece  through Italy  to Germany or England   or elsewhere in Europe . I have been to Iceland  it s expensive as I had to travel by plane between towns .My son had a stop in Iceland on route to Australia  Wants to go back for a real visit  Understand they have no public rail service there  Too many volcanos and other impassable terrain  . It s a rough terrain  I would love to go back  and am trying to find a cheap flight to Japan  on Iceland Air  for a layover  Japans highways are toll  so it s expensive to travel there . Yes  Americans would not accept tolls on all our highways  like the Japanese do  Heard to go across Japan you can expect to pay      or more   ouch . It is very expensive  Thanks for chatting with me  have a wonderful day 
conversation_394 Hello   how are you today .I am great  So do you pay attention to politics at all .I do  What about you .I didn t used to pay a lot of attention but I do now  The country is a crazy place lately .I agree  There hasn t been a US president who wasn t a rep or dem since      . Wow  I guess that doesn t surprise me lol  Did you know the use of RED and BLUE for each party color only began in       Weird.Oh wow I didn t know that  I saw that Ronald Reagan compaiged for democrats . That s odd  he wasn t a Democrat  interesting  i didn t know that .Very interesting I think      of the tea party movement identify themselves as democrats .Interesting  I was watching a vlog on Youtube who was talking about how many people are not Democrats or Republicans  I agree in that because I don t identify as either .Did you know Fox News threatened to sue the Simpsons one time . Oh  wasn t that about trying to stop them from parodying the anti democratic agenda .Possibly lol  Do you like YouTube .I love Youtube    I am always looking there or Google to do so many things .I watch YouTube daily  YouTube is the second largest search engine on the internet .That doesn t surprise me  I didn t know this but YouTube operates as one of Googles subsidiaries    Google bought Youtube for over a billion dollars .I didn t know that either  Netflix and YouTube make up half of the peak internet usage in North America . Wow  that is huge  I like how the police have their own youtube called blutube lol   pretty smart .That is very smart .I wish we would have had Google and Youtube back in my day it would have been so easy to research and get through school Kids have no idea how easy having the internet is to help them through so much with info .It was great talking to you 
conversation_395  Hello  do you like to travel . yes  i love to travel  You . Awesome   yes I like to travel too   I wish we had those high speed buses that the dutch are making   it travels like     mph .it would indeed be a great pleasure to ride a bus like to work  it would save me so much time . Yeah   and when you ride the bus you can get stuff done too   instead of driving  . yes  i think that i would be way more productive on the dutch bus  i should move to holland . Yes  that would be better than moving to Japan   I guess it costs like      in tolls to cross the country  . Yes  japan is far too expensive for most people  i think that it would be good to avoid japan and its expensive highways. I m going next Feb    so I will avoid driving there lol .you could take the train there  they have many trains that go around the country . Awesome   Yeah  I like public transportation when traveling its fun  . yes  it is a good way to learn about a country  public transportation is a cheap and convenient way to travel in a foreign land  i recommend it .The first king to travel around the world was the king of hawaii .he must have had a hankering to see the world and understand other peoples and cultures  i admire his sense of adventure and curiosity . Yeah I wonder when he did that   I cant remember a time where Hawaii had a king lol. I think it was King Kamehameha  he was the last king  i believe . I see   I hear Iceland has no public rail service   most natives fly across the country .that makes sense  iceland is very small and perhaps the terrain is not good for rail  planes could be very convenient .I hope its not expensive to fly if people have to constantly do it . yes  they might have high speed buses too  that would be a hoot  LOL Anyway  great chat  . Wonderful chat   thank you so much  
conversation_396 Do you like the travel . Yes  I love to travel  How about you . Me too  I am planning a trip right now for Brazil  I can t wait  Have you traveled out of the country . Yes  I have traveled a lot  I even went to iceland last summer . Nice  that is my future plan  I love the looks of that place  Is it true about their rail system not being there . I think it is  I heard without cars  they use domestic flights to travel . That is interesting  it certainly helps people getting over their fear of flying lol  I wonder if it is because of the terrain.I am not sure  But I do know it is very cheap to travel . That is awesome  at least they make it cheap  Have you been to mackinac island in MI . No  I have not  I heard they don t have vehicles . I heard that too  That would be rough  but at least you would get in shape on vacation lol  Or ride horses . Very true  you would need a horse drawn carriage or even a bike to get around .That would be interesting  It would be more relaxing I think in my opinion  Maybe they will bring the bus from the Dutch that goes     mph .I wonder if people get dizzy looking out of the window . I bet  or fear for their lives as they are traveling in a bus going that fast.True  Have you heard about the tolls in japan . I have  there worse than Chicago s and I never thought that was possible  I don t know how bad they are though.I heard it costs more than      to travel across the country . That is expensive  wow  Probably worth it  but still  It was so nice chatting with you .It was nice talking to you too  I am going to go look into some new places to travel too .Me too  Enjoy your day 
conversation_397 Hi  Have you ever had to deal with kids going through puberty .It very difficult to handle  Mostly they playing games and not focused on studies . I agree  It can cause a lot of anxiety for a parent  Kids get very emotional at that age  and they will argue about anything  even what clothes they wear .They need mobiles and want to spent the money in the unwanted things  Mostly they are uncomfortable with their studies and teacher  It is very very difficult to handle this situation  They need bike also without drinving license .How do you think parents should handle them when they are like this  It is sometimes hard to talk to them about it . In the kid itself we must follow the rule and regulation  if they enter into puberty it is easy to handle them otherwise  the situation is very worst .Discipline is a good idea  It can help them get used to behaving well even when they are going through puberty and feeling so many emotions . Firstly  we want to be patience and talk to them very polite and spend time with them when ever we are free  while talking with them we make them comfortable .That is a great idea  Teaching them that we care about them can help them feel like we understand them  Being polite will make us a good example for them too .They always copy all the habit from their parents only  They are real heroes . Parents who love their children and raise them right are heroes  It is not easy to deal with children when they are going through puberty  but we all have to do it .We should try our best  All in the hands of god only .Following the example of god is probably a good way to think about raising children  Patience and love will help both parents and kids get through it .Yes  Love can change anything in the world  We must be patience too .I think that it helps to see children grow up after you have cared for them  It feels like a reward to help them and then see them become wonderful adults .Its our duty to make them good human and want to serve the society . That s true  Children are the future of society  so raising them to be good people will make the world a better place . In olden days  clothing is refers to cover the body from the sun rays and insects  But now days it was more fashionable .Clothing is a good thing to talk to kids about too  I also love to shop for clothing for myself  I like comfortable clothes that look good the best .You prefer online shopping or went to purchase  . I like to go in person to purchase so I can try things on  I still like to look around online  though 
conversation_398 Do you have or have had  kids in that challenging stage of puberty entering . No  I do not have kids but my parents said that I was tough to deal with in this stage  I was not a well behaved kid  What about you . I have   adult kids   Only one was a real challenge   As a parent  it s easy to feel like a failure during this phase .Did they want all the newest clothing because when I was a kid I made my mom buy me really nice shirts . My daughter did  not so much with my sons   Sometimes when as a parent or husband  it s better just to walk of and regroup  . I would make her buy me shirts that cost     or more  Did you know that Mark Zuckerburg the facebook Ceo  wear plain grey T shirts that cost     or     . That s nuts   Mine cost less than       You want nice things for your kids but when it gets ridiculous  stand your ground and don t doubt yourself  . I really like nice clothing  clothing has always been something people love  Did you know that The greeks made asbestos clothing and it was as valuable as gold . Sounds itchy    I think it s funny that Pilgrims wore colorful clothes  not just black  Stereotypes    I bet they didn t eat turkey all the time either   . It amazing how traditions get passed along  I even heard about an african tribe that wears victorian cloths because german occupiers they saw . Interesting   It s also interesting that polo shirts were actually invented by a tennis player Lacoste nicknamed  the gator  .I feel like people just follow others in their beliefs  Do you belive Isaac Newton and his law of Gravity .I m with Einstein in that it isn t a force like Newton says but rather the curvature of space .Do you think the earth is moving  and flying through space at    k mph  I have heard new ideas about a motionless round earth with maybe even a dome  Did you know they say the universe makes sounds.We haven t had such ideas since Copernicus   I thought that was put to bed   People think what they want like the folks that think the universe is one big superhologram . I think our best scientist know less than   percent of what there is to know  Some say we all could just be inside of a black whole  I think there is another dimension  like when people take DMT.That    may be a generous estimate   We ve recently lost most of the universe with the unknowns of  dark matter and energy   There is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe . It would be crazy if there is parallel universe  some say there is a cold spot they think could be a link to this universe  Sometimes I think space is all made up  If we are spinning so fast how can the water stay still but that same force can not hold down a butterfly  seems like one big joke sometimes .Interesting   I wonder if somewhere some aliens are wearing polo shirts . I think they are watching us at all times  those sneaky aliens  I wonder if when an alien goes through puberty it is as tough as us humans.Hee   I suspect that it is   You ve been an excellent chat partner  Thanks 
conversation_399  Hi  how are you on this fine evening . hi I m doing great how about you  did you know Julius Caesar would write fan fiction when he was young  It was about hercules haha.I m with George RR Martin on this issue  Fan fiction sucks  it is copyright violation  Someone should sue Julius Caesar .haha yes  Maybe hercules can prove he is real by suing  I guess Edgar allen poe has the title for oldest example of a cyborg in fiction. Hercules never understood copyright law  Poe wasn t perfect  but he knew sci fi . haha I didn t know that  what did he do .He married a gal that was like    or something  I guess in his day that was not unusual but still  Probably to an author and alcoholic these were normal things . ah I see well that is definitely weird  what I m not surprised with is there is a wikipedia that ranks fictinoal characters  it does it according to their abilities  I ll tell you some people have a lot of time on their hands. I think that some people live for such things  They get notoriety from such endeavors  but no money  Can you believe that in the     s a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it featured a black character  That s an amazing judgement . that is pretty bad for sure  what I want to see is the violin made of stone that you can actually play  I play the piano do you play any instruments. I used to play the guitar  but I weren t any good  I would blow hard into it  but it never sounded quite right  Perhaps I should have tried the violin  but I mistook it for a form of violence . haha I like that  ya my uncle plays the violin but he says its really hard to learn  the piano isn t that bad in my opinion  it has a good amount of challenge but I think anyone can get pretty good with enough practice. I would like to think that I could be as good as Einstein  He was a musician  but he didn t really gain renown as one  I could do as well as him  don t you think . ah I didn t know that  well I think you can do it  just make sure to use modern violins and not the million dollar stradivarius ones  modern ones sound better in blind tests. I would never be able to tell the difference  Perhaps Einstein could  but I couldn t  If Haydn wrote a competition with the two varieties of violin ar the end  could the audience tell the difference . haha good question  what is cool that Einstein said is that  the greatest scientists are artists as well . But then again  are the greatest artists scientists  Perhaps not  Or perhaps so  Perhaps I don t know  I want to hear a violin made out of stone  a piano made out of stone for the Flintstones . haha I like that  would you ride a bus that goes    mph  they are making on in Denmark apparently. The Danes are seditious  don t trust them  They lie  They eat too much butter  Anyhows  great chatting with you . haha those lying butter eaters  great talking with you  stay away from japanese highways they are apparently all toll roads .The pastries in Denmark are dangerously addictive . yes that is my dream  to be in denmark  going    mph in a bus eating pastries 
conversation_400 Hi there  Do you enjoy to travel  I love visiting distant geographical locations . Yes  I was actually in Paris last week  Do you travel  I was surprised there a website for people with couches to crash on  wish I knew it last week I had a long layover .Whoa that s awesome  Did you eat crepes  I want to go to Iceland but it sounds like the public transport isn t great will probably rent a car . No crepes  I did have snails which I like  I ve had a layover in Iceland  it looks like the moon  Flying it a lot of volcanic lava flows turned to rock  Did you know about that gnome stealing thing  take a picture  then return  That a lot of work .Haha yeah I heard about that  Does sound like a lot of work  Did you fly any domestic flights in Iceland  That seems like a good way to get around there . No  Iceland Air is cheapest to Sweden  I work there a couple times a year  I m on the east coast so it s a quick flight though  Do you like fiction  a reader  That how I bide my time .Awesome lucky  Yeah fiction is entertaining  I like it because it is not based strictly on history or fact . Yes  I m not much on Science Fiction  more literary fiction  I didn t know Isaac Asimov coined  robotics  I have friends who  love him and Sci Fi  What genre do you like .Oh nice good genre  I like fiction as well  Edgar Allen Poe s first developed cyborg s in fiction which is pretty cool . Yes and Poe developed the detective genre I read too  I read War and Peace  but the Smash Bros is   million words even longer  That would take some time .Wow  Is War and Peace good  I know Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction but I have never read his text . Yes  I liked it but it s a complex novel  Yes  I read Caesar history of the Gallic Wars  Pretty interesting in light of France now  Do you like music  you see where the highest violin bow price sold for          wow  that quite expensive per pound .You have read a lot I m impressed  I love music and sometimes classical  Hard to believe a violin sold for that  Hopefully it wasn t the one made out of stone . Gold and tortoiseshell i read  I feel sorry for the turtle  You like fiddle or violin more  Country or classic as the instrument is the same .Wow  Interesting  I like the fiddle because I prefer country music  A famous scientist who played the violin was Albert Einstein . Interesting  complex man  Did you know they have to play and  break in  a violin  That makes sense though interesting it changes the cellulose molecules in the body .Kind of like a shoe  Very interesting  It is also good for the small muscles and nerves of the arms and hands  Just ask Larry Fine from the Three stooges . That funny  yes  you like me must have a few years on you  My kids don t know who the Three Stoogies are  Have you traveled much  Back to that  you see where the airlines make the walk longer instead of baggage return quicker to cut complaints  That not good to me .Yes I have lived in both Spain and Australia  I actually didn t hear about that  Typically airplane if is the most efficient method of travel when compared with everything else so I don t see why they make people walk longer . Nice  my son went to school a summer in Spain  He loved it  I guess the exercise you get on the longer walk is good  Did you know they fly     slower to save fuel relative to the    s  that would be fine but the food is worse than the    s too . Yeah good point  I remember the days when everyone got free meals and they were actually legit  Still given all that flying definitely beats train  boat  and bus travel  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_401 Good morning  How are you today .I m doing good  What about you  Do you like to listen to music . I m going well too  I do listen to music  how about you . Yes  me too  I like to listen to jazz from time to time  There  s even a woman in Harlem that has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Saturday for    years .Wow I wonder how many people show up  I like how Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that tops the charts . I m not sure how many show up  but I guess top performers occasionally stop by .Do you think Clint Eastwood ever did  He is a lifelong jazz enthusiast . Boy  I m not sure  I know he scored several films including Million Dollar Baby . that is so cool  Next time I watch a jazz band  I m going to see if the trumpeters have goatees .Are goatees popular among jazz trumpeters .Yes it provides them comfort when playing the trumpet . Oh  that is interesting Did you know Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that tops the charts  .That is interesting  But you know what is more interesting  The sun lol .Yes  Did you know the sun is actually white .I didn t know that  We ve been taught the wrong thing all of these years  I do know that the sun isn t the biggest start in our galaxy . Well  I guess we perceive the sun as yellow because of atmospheric scattering .That makes total sense to me  I feel like we are spoiled when it comes to the sun s energy . Yes  the sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for         years .That is crazy to think  Are you into reading fiction  Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg  How do people come up with these ideas .A little bit  I know there s a wiki which ranks fictional characters according to their powers and abilities . I am going to go look into that right now  It was nice chatting  have a great day 
conversation_402 Hi There   Looking forward to chat with You     .Hello  Good i just read some really interesting stuff about Jazz music  Did you know it started in the great city of New Orleans . Yes  I believe I was aware of that fact  Are You a jazz lover  .I am  It is a great style some people consider it America s classical music today .Yes sir    I love how every song and solo can sound totally different   even when played by the same musician   .Yes it is truly something  I have heard that New Orleans jazz began in the early     s . That I m not sure about    don t know the exact date  but I always wondered how a music style begins    it s not like a guy is sitting on it s porch and thinks     I m going to invent new music style and I ll call it JAZZ    .Haha  Yeah i have always wondered things like that  But I have heard that Clint eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast who knew huh .I can believe that    he is a classy Dude    I don t imagine him listening to disco or rap   .Yeah he just does not seem like the guy that would be into that  But I think more people love jazz than we know A harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every sunday for    years .I m sure there were a lot of enthusiasts of that   Sounds like a good woman.Yeah what kind of stuff is on your mind that you would like to talk about .You know Edgar allen poe poetry  .I am he was a fiction writer correct .Yes   really dark poetry sometimes    He wrote wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fiction  Pretty interesting     . Yeah he was a special kinda person  If i recall he was the person who also wrote the poem about  the raven crying nevermore . Yes I think You re right  Some of his poems were used in  Nightmare on Elm street    .Really I had no idea  I wonder how they implemented them in the film . Those were right before the movie began  Something about dreams   You know  movie related   .I have not seen those movies in a very long time so it is all kinda blurry to me  But I think I might have to go back and check them out again .I remember seeing them as a little boy    I was terrified but excited  .Yeah I bet those older movies took lots of inspiration from poes work . A text before the opening credits starts reads as follows   Sleep  Those little slices of Death  How I loathe them   Edgar Allan Poe    I found it       .That is really cool  What one is that from the first one you said 
conversation_403  DO you like Jazz   There is a lot of people who like Jazz  like Clint Eastwood  . Yes  Jazz is an art form that has been around a long time  It originated in African  American communities in the late   th  early   th century . Yeah  it is a recent art  it started to be recognized as an official music current  in the     s   .There is a woman in Harlem who has held free jazz concerts at her apartment for    years .I wonder if her neighbors liked it  It must have been noisy . I am sure they enjoyed when the top performers came over  would be a treat .  It must have drawn a crowd  a crowded apartment is quite noisy    . Yes  jazz is also big worldwide  a Pakistani jazz orchestra is topping the charts .Would you like it if your neighbor held a jazz concert every Sunday  . It would depend on how far they are and the noise level  not in close proximity with loud noise . It is an apartment  so there would a wall between you and the concert  . Guess the only way to know is to attend and see what it s like  Did you know that Neptune made a full orbit in       the first since being discovered . Yeah  the solar system is quite peculiar  the sun represent       of all mass in the solar system  Knowing  that losing weight seems futile in the scheme of the universe  . Yes we are a cosmic dust ball haha  the largest star in our galaxy is   billion times bigger . There is so much that we cannot grasp about the universe until we now enough science  like the sun is white  it is yellow because of our atmosphere . Yep  and a lightning bolt is  x hotter than the surface of the sun  crazy .Yeah it is surprising that something on Earth could be hotter than the sun . I know right  what do you think about fiction . I love fiction  I read a lot of stories but I don t write any   unlike Julius Ceasar who wrote stories about Hercules and Oedipus  . Basically fan fiction  George rr martin doesn t like fan fiction though  but fan fiction may have to finish Game of Thrones at his writing rate .He could use lawsuits to stop them since his work is copyrighted  Have a nice evening 
conversation_404  Hey how is it going today  have you heard of the axe murderer in New Orleans by chance  Scary . I  did  I thought that was a terrifying story as well  King Zeno  sure seems like a scary piece. That would be scary to see that guy for sure  it sounds as if he had PTSD  this was apparently a while ago but still  mental health should have been treated a lot better then . I know right  I wonder if its based on real life events  King Zeno is one hell of a scary novel  not apt for everyone. For sure  it is about a century old but still so scary  Do you like to listen to jazz music . I love it yeah  what about you  do you like the genre. Not a huge fan but a fan of the historic value of jazz  there s so many types of jazz like swing  Kansas City Jaz  and Gypsy jazz  What other kind of music do you like . It has deep roots that go almost a hundred years ago  it means a lot to many people  nice tunes and melody. For sure  Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz fan  which is pretty surprising to be honest given his previous roles . Really his a fan  well he has great musical taste then  I hear Pakistan has a great Jazz orchestra.I would never have guessed that  Have you ever noticed that a lot of jazz trumpeters have goatees  Apparently it is to provide comfort while they play .Ive always wondered about those out of style goatees I guess it makes sense to grow them if its for comfort however weird they look. True  it d be tough to be playing it for so long without anything there I am assuming  You a big fiction or non fiction fan . I prefer fiction and just let my imagination fly  do you have a favorite author . Not really  I would like to check out some Julius Caesar though  he apparently wrote fan fiction about Hercules  would be neat to read that . That sounds like a great piece of literature  I like George RR Martin  I bet he would dislike the works of Ceasar. It d be really interesting to just read it  that s almost      years of difference but the same story being told  It s so sad that in the     s a judge tried to ban a comic because it featured a black character  what an embarassment . I know right  luckily times have changed but that kind of behavior makes me really angry  . Me too  it s terrible to think about people being so willfully ignorant  they have to acknowledge that racism is wrong and it s still here  I wonder what a world would look like without racism  they should write a book on it  I guess it ll be fiction for a while though . Hopefully one day we will see that  a society free of racism  hate only creates more hat and maybe fiction is the way to make that happen  its sure nice to imagine a world like that one. It would be nice to imagine that world  it better be coming soon  Well I am going to call it a night  I hope you have a great one and take care .Lets hope that day comes soon and take care as well have a good night I think im calling it a night as well 
conversation_405 What do you think about the net worth of Kylie Jenner .I think that she is lucky . Yeah  she definetely is  although I think that part of her health is actually self made  I think she does work hard . I would agree  she has worked for it  it wasn t totally handed to her on a silver platter . Yeah  its crazy how she was    when she became a millionare  I like the analogy with Lebron . yes its perfect  Did you see the police video with  Uptown Funk  . The one of Bruno Mars  I haven actually seen that one  have you  did you like it . I Havent either  but i love Bruno Mars  his songs are great  I am sure i would like it   my nephew sings that song  hes   its so cute. Yeah he does have some pretty decent songs Ive heard the Uptown Funk video has over    million views  thats crazy .I didnt realize that   I didnt realize that he started out as an elvis impersonator either . I saw that on Facebook  did you know that Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for    million . no i didnt  haha I bet they are kicking them selves  because facebook basically made them irrelevent  . They sure are regrettin it lol  specially with the networth of Facebook now a days  I think Mark Zuckerburg is a great entrepeneur . yes for sure  Did you realize he is red green colorblind  so thats why things are mostly blue . I didnt know that  I thought it was a marketing thing  I did hear about the Burger king promotion  too bad I didnt spot that one . yea I never heard about that  but I am not a fan of BK any how . I like McDonalds more  but who could turn down a free burger lol .good point  What do you thing about  Patricia Heaton s support of Kavanaugh   I think Its great to remember that these people are just people as well . I didnt really hear about that  could you tell me more about it .basically there was an article written  and she just pointed out that it was written to show the personal side of him  It was an article that said he was a great dad  carpool guy . Oh I see thats interesting  it was nice chatting  to you  I will definetely use those anecdotes next time Im having dinner with family or friends  interesting topics .you as well.have a nice day
conversation_406 Forbes says Kylie Jenner is a billionaire  I had no idea .I did not know that either   That is crazy    Do you like space   I would like to go to Mars someday. I would love to go to space  Yeah  and they say Kylie Jenner is self made  But I don t think that is true  Supposedly she is the youngest self made billionaire ever .Yeah I do not know anything about her   Did you know there was a dwarf planet between Mars and Jupiter   I had never heard of it. Kylie Jenner is one of the Kardashians  I believe  I never knew about the dwarf planet between Mars and Jupiter  Does it have a name .I am not sure of its name    I do know that the sunset on Mars is blue   Is that not weird .That would be pretty neat to see  Sunsets on Earth never cease to amaze me .Yes they are beautiful   I love seeing the pictures sent back from Curiosity on Mars   its so sweet it sings happy birthday to itself.Those rovers are freaking adorable  I have ever thought so .Yes   I thought it was awesome that they used aluminum from the world trade centers on spirit and opportunity.It s sad that a satellite was lost on Mars due to a technicality .Yes     for sure   I read about that on facebook   Do you use that site .I try not to  Maybe I would more often if we used it for useful things like Iceland does .Yes they are rewriting their constitution on it   How awesome is that. Very cool  especially that the public can make suggestions and alterations .Yes   It is pretty crazy that    percent of Americans use facebook as their primary source of news.Yeah I don t use it for that  Did you ever use Myspace .I had an account but never used it   They should have bought facebook when they had a chance. Right  they could have bought it for only    million and now it s worth     billion. I think its funny that the like button was originally going to be the  awesome  button. Haha  that is interesting  And it s funny that the like button is illegal in the German state of Schleswig holstein 
conversation_407 Do you use Facebook . Yes  I do .You know when they went public they were worth     billion dollars. Wow  that s incredible   I guess Myspace had the option to buy Facebook at one point  I m sure they ve never stopped regretting that decision  .I know especially because they would have gotten it for a steal at    million  Apparently the like button is illegal in some German country . That s curious  I wonder why Germany would ban the  like  button   That seems random    If you lived in Iceland you could contribute to rewriting their constitution   via Facebook .Yeah that sounds like a good idea or a really bad one  Burger king was trying to get ppl to unfriend facebook friends in exchange for a whooper .That s crummy of them   and whoever did it   Apparently Mark Zuckerburg is a little colorblind   that s why Facebook is mostly blue   I like blue so I m not complaining   .Yeah seems to work  They make most of there money from advertisement .Did you know that sounds have a higher pitch on Mars then they do on Earth   Is the Mars rover equipped with speakers  . I guess so  lol  Speaking of Mars apparently Bruno writes his own music  . That doesn t surprise me   I guess he wasn t good enough for Motown though  they dropped him years before he became a success . I did not know that or that he was named after a professional wrestler  Bruno Sammartino . That s funny   I guess his parents were wrestling fans    But I heard his real name is Peter Gene Hernandez  so maybe Bruno is the wrestling fan .Yeah looks like he was trying to avoid a stereo type as a Latin pop singer  I don t think it worked . Maybe a little   He does have a lot of mainstream success   In      they re planning on colonizing Mars  they re going to fund it by making it a reality TV show .I see  Did you know that Bruno started out as an Elvis impersonator .That s really neat   I didn t know that   he reminds me more of Michael Jackson   But I guess Michael Jackson was obsessed with Elvis   it all checks out .Right  Apparently the bands name is The Hooligans . The Elvis band   I really like his song  Uptown Funk   but I guess everyone does since it topped the charts in five different countries .Yeah  No Bruno s band is called the hooligans  You think since he writes his own music he could have come up with a better name but maybe it s just me . Lol  true   It was fun talking with you 
conversation_408 hey did you know a robot can now be programmed to debone a chicken .Interesting  There is even a robotic arm that a paralyzed woman controls with her thoughts . wow that is cool  do you Like Michael Jackson  He wanted to build a    foot robot haha.That sounds pretty wild  I think the mars robots are cute  The Curiosity sings happy birthday to itself on its birthday .haha they are cute  did you ever watch Mythbusters  I guess they created a robot sidekick on that show. I do watch that sometimes but have not seen that episode  I guess the idea of chess playing robots have been around for awhile  Napoleon and Benjamin Franklin lost chess games to a robot  but it wasn t really a robot  A person was hidden inside  . haha I remember hearing about that  one thing I m glad is the US military uses xbox     controllers for the eod robots  thats probably cost savings. Do you worry about robots getting minds of their own  Megatron  a fictional character  was the leader of a civil rights group on Cybertron that wanted equal rights for all robots . haha yes I would worry about that  especially now they are putting rat brains into robots  that is scary .Really  That is strangely awesome  Have you heard of the home robot Amazon is building  I need one . no I haven t  do you know anything about it it sounds awesome  all I know is amazon actually owns imdb  you know that movie site. Oh  interesting  They are into all types of niches  This project has been many years in the making and it s called the Vesta  We might be able to get it next year  but the robot will likely become a roving Alexa  Unfortunately  it probably won t be a housekeeper .ah thats too bad because thats what I need  Would you work at an Amazon warehouse  I guess a worker can walk up the    miles a day from their shift work. I would love to work at an Amazon warehouse  I think it might get me into shape  In the future that job will probably be done by robots but for now  it s even hard to train a robot to pick up a coffee mug  a task that is incredibly easy for humans . haha thats what I think too  and I do wish I were the first person to order on amazon  only     and you could have had a building named after you .Nice  I think we will see Amazon come out with a factory floor robot sooner than one that has to adapt to a landscape that changes constantly because of dirty laundry and kids clothes . haha that would be awesome  humans are always evolving though  maybe robots are the next thing  I mean only         years ago we still had body hair.And a lot of people do still have an awful lot of body hair  Haha  We supposedly get goosebumps because of an evolutionary trait that was used to make fur stand up and make an animal look bigger. haha that is funny  it s weird that humans lost the ability to synthesize vitamin c  our gene is defective.And we are the only mammals that cannot breathe and swallow at the same time  Bummer . haha imagine how cool that would be  that sucks and also sucks to be a human because there is a sound frequency that causes fear in us.And our history only represents one minute and    seconds if earth s entire history was viewed as a    hour period  it is sad we are destroying this earth 
conversation_409  hi  do you like robots . hey  I do like robots  theyre so advanced I guess they can now debone a chicken which is awesome.that is prettyy cool  And they can be controlled by using rat brains. wow that is crazy  I think its cool the government used an xbox controller to control an eod robot.Yeah that is  even Michael Jackson had an interest in them. ya its wild he wanted to build a    foot tall robot  Like is that even possible  And it would moon walk  sounds awesome .it does sound very cool  do you ever shop on amazon . I have used amazon yes  what about you  Did you hear about the clock the owner of amazon built .Yeah I use it quite a bit  yeah and it is supposed to run for        years. ya that is crazy  back to robos though did you see that mythbusters actually created a robot sidekick .No I did not know that  Do you know how amazon got started . no I don t  I just know that Bezos started it  do you know .It started as a book store and then slowly he built it up. ah that is cool  I do know they have a special contract to deliver on sunday with USPS. That is so cool  no wonder they can beat the competition  ANd they even own IMDB. ya  I didn t know that  they bought them in       I use that site everyday .Cool  do you know much about humans . well I do know there is a sound that will cause fear in all humans  its a certain frequency I think.I would like to know what that sounds like  And we can grow ribs in     months. ya that is crazy  do you think other animals cna do that  Could we harvest ribs from animals sustainably  haha.Well that would be kind of nice in medicine for sure  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_410  hi how are you  do you like mars  it is a planet  one of many .I think Mars is fascinating . mars really is a killer planet  it is red  red as all get out  plus it is associated with war  that is cool .It gets its name from the God of War .that is the coolest god of them all  i would like to get that job  mars is the fourth planet from the sun but it is tops in my book  it might seem small but it is huge to me  would you want to live there . Maybe  I hear there is a colonization project planned for     . yes  i want to see who goes there and how much they get paid  it is a crazy job i think .Agreed     Did you hear about the satellite lost on mars .yes that was typical of us companies to use the wrong system of measurement  nobody uses imperial except maybe beer makers  maybe the guys were talking about beer  LOL.Quite possible   Or distracted by the selfies they were posting to facebook   Here s me and the rover     . boy  those selfies on mars are really a distraction  i guess the IT guys on mars are never going to hear the end of the problems with the net  since the Cloud is back on earth .So very true   I wonder if the like button would be  legal on mars   There are parts of Germany where it isnt . if germany gets to mars first  they ll probably ban the like button for the entire planet .Zuckerburg probably has problems with Mars  he has red green colorblindness   Thats why facebook is blue .he will spend money to find a cure for r g colorblindness  or he will upload his consciousness into a machine with better vision  he will prevail in the battle against death .Both him and elon musk .elon will have a secret lab on mars to build his robot army to conquer  the earth  he and mark will have a battle royale in their robot bodies .That would be the fight of a lifetime    Id give the edge to Musk. good ol musky  he would be a great martian overlord  Anyway  great chat .You too   Have a great day .Rock on  Have a great day  May the god of war favor you in the battles that come .Same to you 
conversation_411 Are you a fan of Star Wars . Yea  I love the original      Start Wars.Me too   All of the movies combined have made over      billion at the box office . That is impressive  I guess that s why Star Wars was named the most successful film merchandising franchise by Guinness World Records.Oh yea   The entire franchise is estimated to be valued at     billion . That is impressive  I m surprised that Star Wars is only the fifth highest grossing media franchise. Yes   I agree   Marcia Lucas  the wife of George Lucas  won an academy award for editing the first movie . Nice  Marcia Lucas had such a huge impact on Star Wars and made the film better.I agree   What s funny is that she won that award and George didn t win one for directing .Yea but he did get to keep the licensing and merchandising rights from fox so he made out pretty good.Oh yes   smart move on his part . Yea    th century fox really messed up and should of just paid George the    k directing fee.Yes lol   Do you use Netflix . Yea  I signed up for Netflix a few years after Reed Hastings founded it in     .Nice   From   PM to    AM Netflix accounts for     of all bandwidth in North America   That s when I watch it .Pretty crazy despite all the people who stream it Netflix pays much more on postage than bandwidth.I agree   Netflx and youtube together make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America   So basically half of America is online just to watch videos   lol.Blockbuster must be really kicking itself for not buying netflix for    million.No doubt since Netflix is now worth    billion and Blockbuster is down to   store   lol  It s been fun chatting . Yep  and Blockbuster s     late fee on Apollo    inspired Hastings to start netflix.Awesome   It s been fun   Have a great day 
conversation_412 Do you like star wars.Oh yes   And was happy to see luke skywalker nack .I still wish he had a bigger part  Some people are saying the last jedi underpeformed.I don t agree with    I liked it a lot .We ll just have to hope episode   shuts everyone up.I am sure of it   That s funny George lucas s wife won an acedemy award.I know and george lucas didnt  But she did have an influence on vital scenes  Including obi wan s death. Yeah i know  but still     That s cool  that they dubbed it in navajo language.I wonder if they still had james earl jones  You cant change vader s voice .Not really sure  and i soooo agree .I think     billion total revenue makes all the movies pretty successful.WOW    that s a lot of money   Love how fox lost billions because they didn t believe in the franchise .It make Lucas a billionaire  The value of the franchise is    billion.Whoaaaaa   chaching   You see some of the star wars are on Netflix . Yeah  I need to check out Solo  I havent watched that yet  Heard that also was received poorly.I am sure it is great   These people are just haters    especially since Disney bought the franchise .We can all agree that Luke Skywalker is the man though  Although he was almost a girl. Really   WOW   Well  glad they went with a guy   Although Ren is pretty bad ass .Yeah I cant wait to finish up her story  They kept Vader and Luke s story a secret even from the cast  Giving out fake scrpits  I wonder if they have any of the same tricks up their sleeves.I think it s a great idea and really hope they do .There are also a lot of other comic stories I would love to see on the big screen  Hopefully one day  Have a great day 
conversation_413  Hi  how are you doing today .Well thanks  Are you a star wars fan . Oh  yes   I m a big fan of Star Wars .The star wars movies have made a combined     billion dollars  Thats incredible. Yes  it is   It holds a Guinness World Records title for the  Most successful film merchandising franchise  .Thats crazy  I wonder if Fox regrets giving Lucas the merchandising rights. Ooh  I bet they do big time   Huge mistake on their part   I can t believe they thought it would be a flop .    k cost them billions and made George a billionaire himself.I m happy for him   What I find interesting is that James Earl Jones only took     hours to record all of his Darth Vader lines and only got paid          .That is crazy to think about  And the movie wouldn t be the same without his voice . You re so right   Nobody else could have said    Luke  I am your father   quite like him   lol. Speaking of Luke  did you know he was originally written as a girl . Yeah  I had heard that about Luke   Did you know that the original light saber prop used by Luke Skywalker is inside the International Space Station .I wonder if the astronauts are allowed to play with it.I very much doubt that  Lol I read somewher that you can rent an overnight stay in Luke s boyhood home in Tunisia for          I wonder how many die hard fans have did that .For only    dollars Im sure a lot  Luke is a pivotal figure in the Rebel Alliance. Star Wars fans are a fanatical bunch   I should know  I m one   .Do you think in todays age the script of vader being lukes father would of been able to be kept a secret like it was . No  times have changed and integrity and honesty went out the window a long time ago   You would have to force everyone to sign a ginormous gag order under penalty of imprisonment to keep a secret now   And even then that wouldn t stop some people from gabbing .Have you watched any of the star wars movies on netflix . No  not on Netflix  I have boxed sets of all the movies   Well  it s been nice chatting with you about Star Wars  but I need to go walk my dog   Talk to you later  friend 
conversation_414 This government shutdown is not looking great .Not at all   I saw McCarthy next to Trump often   Do they like each other . Paul McCarthy  the singer  Kind of interesting  Paul is a very common name  ever heard of Paul Ryan .Paul Ryan was the speaker of the house   He left .Yah  I wonder if he s going to try and run for      election for the GOP .I don t know   By the way McCarthy is House Minority Leader  a republican .Ahh  that makes a bit more sense   lol .I guess so   Ryan tried to shore up his power prior to leaving the house . Definitely  I could see that  Although incumbent typically is chosen to represent the prior winning party  I don t know if the GOP is willing to deal with Trump anymore .It is weird   Why were Ryan concerned about its donors not contributing      He was going to leave anyway .It s all about having the funds access to funds .for the republican party in general .Yes  The republican party needs donors so they can properly campaign  I guarantee that the Democrats will get a bit of pool money this year to campaign  We saw this in the      midterm elections .Ryan endorsed McCarthy to replace him .I thought the current speaker is Nancy Pelosi since they took majority during the      elections. It was in case the republican party won the majority   Thus  it was decided prior to the midterm . Oh i see  Politics  I try to keep up with them but it s just too time consuming  . If you take it too seriously  it could be very stressful   Jim Jordan wanted to replace Ryan .Why can t we do what the ancient athens did  Appoint by lottery .Why do you think the ancient system  athens  would work   A republican senator said that last year was a turbulent year in politics . Oligarchy is what we are seeing now    Where Ryan wanted McCarthy  Jordan wanted to replace Ryan  If it was random  you could be a president too .I just want to be able to work and support my family   I dislike all the fighting related to power and politics . If you become president you can end it all     K  with a mandate on no more fighting 
conversation_415 Did you know the taller candidate has won the US Election     of the time . I had heard that   It is an interesting metric to think about when it comes to elections   I wonder if that accounts for popular vote  or just the election . I m not sure  good question  There are   subways lines exclusively for congressmen though .That is kind of crazy   Did you know Elmo testified before congress . No  was it a joke or for real  . Im not totally sure  but I know he is the only non human to do so   Maybe Oscar the grouch was causing some problems down in the hood or something   lol. LOL  I wonder what actor played him  . I dont know  I always just imagine a stuffed toy or something   The Congress always plays a Rep vs Dem game of baseball each year . Yeah  that is fairly common  It must be a very boring game to watch though  . I agree   I imagine they can t be any good  which could make it funny  but in a very sad sense .Yeah  Maybe they can put Elmo in  LOL. With the current political colors  he d have to be on the republican side   Although they have only been using those since     . Wow  I didn t know that  There is also a fantasy congress  I suppose that is one boring game  .A fantasy congress   Is that like fantasy football   How would you even get points . I m not sure  but it sure doesn t sound fun  I suppose some people would be into it  . Definitely not people in Nevada  they actually have a none of these candidates options on the ballot   I would have loved that one in the past .Yeah  Well voter turnout hasn t breached       in     years . I wonder why that is   I mean when people are dissatisfied you would think they would be more inclined to vote  unless they feel like their vote doesnt matter due to the Electoral College.I m not sure  Probably because a lot of people realize their vote won t sway a particular state . True   I live in the state that is notorious for messing up elections and counting  Florida . Yeah  they are always in the news about that  Well nice chatting with you  
conversation_416  Hello   did you every us president with a beard has been republican . Hi  I just read that  and find that to be pretty funny  That s one of those facts that is fun but meaningless  .lol yup useless information   Just like there hasnt been a us president who wasnt rep or dem since    . So I guess that last time there was a third party candidate that was successful was over     years ago  I wonder what the name of the party was  That was just before the civil war  unless I have forgotten my dates . Good question   I am not sure   .I wonder if there fact about a republican being elected that wasn t a Nixon or Bush  since       was written before Trump s election  He ran as a Republican and won .Not sure  did you know the taller candidate won the presidental election     of the time  . Yes  I ve seen that before  that taller men win more than shorter men  It s funny that Truman wouldn t be photographed in Dumbo the Elephant  since an elephant is the symbol of the Republican party  Another fun party fact .Yeah thats extreme kinda  lol its Dumbo hes a disney character   Did you see previews for the new Dumbo live action movie about to come out . No  I didn t hear about that  So they will use live elephants  I recently watched the last Disney movie  The Nutcracker and the   realms  . Haha I think the elephants are cgi   But the actors are real   I seen that movie   it was kinda boring in my opinion .I know  We were disappointed because we the cg on the previews was great  But the plot and acting were fairly bad . I know right   the cgi was awesome   so colorful and nice   My daughter wanted to see it and of course she loved it   we were falling asleep on it lol .Maybe that is it  The little kids like it but it didn t come through for adults  Disney  is usually good at reaching both audiences . Yes usually   it appeals to adults too  I really liked that movie Inside Out   that had a lot of adult jokes in it and very entertaining to children  . Speaking of your daughter  is she into Elmo and the other Seasame Street characters  I thought it was funny that Elmo testified before Congress . haha   she used to be   Not anymore   shes into all things princess right now   That is awesome fact though  . I really wonder what he testified about  unless it was to lobby to continue funding PBS or the arts or something in that area . haha   I learned that the firsst woman was elected in congres before she even had the right to vote   weird huh. Yes  that is very weird and it just really strange to think about how much things have changed in politics and society in general . well its been great talking with you   have a good one  
conversation_417 Good morning  Do you follow politics . Good morning  I d say I follow some politics  but not too deeply .Were you aware that the taller candidate usually wins in the election  since      it has happened    percent of the time . Is that so  maybe I should enter politics  I m over six feet  I could have missed my calling .Maybe so  Lol  Did you know that nevada is the only state to have a none of these candidates option while voting . I guess it s nice to have that option  especially if you have one one your really don t want to vote for  for example  someone who doesn t exactly agree with history textbooks .On a funnier note  President truman in      refused to have his picture taken with dumbo because he didnt want to be associated with republicans  Lol . Media savvy in the days before camera phone and the internet  I would categorize him as forward thinking .H sure was  Did you know that the use of red and blue for the two major parties was not used until the year       Crazy huh . That is the kind of thing you think has been around for ever   Maybe that is why we only have two major parties  everyone s two favorites colors are taken .I think they should just change all of their colors to brown  During the      elections international electoral observrs were blocked from the polls in nine states . That would make me suspicious of what is going on there  why don t they want to be observed   These are the places that end up with animals becoming mayor  or cats placing high on Senate elections .I would say a cat would be better than some of the politicians  So have you ever played fantasy congress .Fantasy congress sound like it is taking the whole fantasy sports thing to far   I can t see many people sitting in bars yelling at CSPAN because their politician has made the wrong move .No janet you were supposed to be against abortion  Lol  I v could see it as well  Sorry about that last message  I dont know what happened there  Did you know that the first woman was elected to congress in      . Woman are becoming more represented  may one day the Presidential job can be their  whether she is red or blue .I just dont understand why women couldnt vote but could be elected to congress . Maybe it was an oversight of the rule writers  a loop hole so to speak   Surprising that so many men would have voted for woman back in      .I am surprised as well  Did you know that elmo once testified before congress . Elmo  I d like to have seen how they did that    What would he have been talking about   I know Steven Colbert did so too  in character .Im not a big stephen colbert fan to be honest with you  Do you know that voter turnout or president hasnt crossed      percent in over     years.In all likelihood it will continue to drop and more people get frustrated with Congress .You are probably right on that  Did you know that every president with a beard has been a republican . Must be in the GOP s rule book somewhere  they have been letting us down on that front over the past few years   Good talking with you .Well its been a good chat but I got to get to work . Have a good day  bye 
conversation_418 Good Morning  How are you today . Hi  I am good  Do you follow politics .I like to follow it  Especially when Elmo was the only non human to testify in congress .That s hilarious  Did you know there hasn t been a president who wasn t a rep or dem since      . I wonder who it was  If he had a beard  he would have been republican .Not too sure on that  The last time a rep was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was back in      .That just blows my mind  I didn t realize that the red and blue colors with the parties wasn t really a thing until      .I agree  I didn t know that was a thing for such a shot time either .I think it s funny what Nevada has printed on their voting options .I think so too  Do you know much about Congress .I try to understand it  I know it kind of started in the     s .I do too  There are   subways line that only congressmen can ride .Yet I m sure they all take taxis  Did you ever hear about Truman at Disneyland .I did not  What happened .He refused to get his picture taken on the Dumbo ride because he didn t want to be associated with Republicans lol .HAHA  Did you know there is fantasy Congress game . I didn t know that  what is it about . Basically  you draft members of Congress and points are based off legislative success .I wonder who would be the number one and two pick .Not too sure on that  I don t follow Congress closely enough to know that . Me neither  I might go look into that though  It was a pleasure chatting  have a great day 
conversation_419  Hi  how are you today  These are   interesting articles  don t you think .I can t believe is has been over     since we had a president who wasn t a Democrat or Republican.I suppose if you want to look at the original strict definitions of what Democrats or Republican party platforms were .DId you know that every US president with a beard has been a Republlican .I thought that little fact was amusing but I guess manlyness sell to voters  It just shows that politicians are sensitive to what they perceive are optics .Do you know when the last a Republican was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was . I think the last itme was the pair HErbet Hoover   CHarles CUrtis      .I believe you are correct   How interested are you by politics . I am very interested as the choices I make as a voter will directly decide how I represented  good or bad  .Are you sadden by the fact that voter participation hasn t been over     in presidential election in the last     years .I am as there places in the world where people do not have open and free elections  I vote in every election either in person or by mail in ballot  It s my duty as a citizen and my right .I agree   I would rather choose my path than have someone chose it for me. Though you can still see how voters can be swayed by things that have little to do with a candidates beliefs  like the beards  or who was a taller candidate . Yes  for example  How FDR s people never allowed him to be photographed in a wheelchair . YEs  or Truman refusing to be photographed on the Dumbo ride  I guess optics really do matter  but sometimes  things like Roosevelt s health sham can be harmful to the country . On a lighter note  are you aware of the annual Democrat vs Republican softball game . I am  and I think that is a fun way to blow off steam  with some clean fun bragging rights  In these days of such acrimony  events like that are really needed to show these folks are human . Yes  the more time they can spend together in a fun setting perhaps they will see themselves more like friends instead of enemies . I agree and a baseball games gets them out of the office  into the fresh air and on to a level playing field  so to speak . A level playing field  I like that   Did you the first woman was elected to congress in      before she can even vote in a national election .I did not know that but it shows she must have had a strong message to be accepted into the male world of politics even though she could not vote for them herself . I am not sure if this true for the first woman  but i think quite a few of the early woman were elected after their husbands died. I have heard of that happening  not everytime  but they still have to be strong enough and savy enough to navigate the system . True  it must have been tough to succeed in a system where many did not take you seriously. It just shows how todays women in congress and in the senate have had to be tough as nails  yet have a message that can resonate with the people they want to represent and I applaud them  They will bring a new outlook to the old boys club . Good talking to you  bye
conversation_420 Hi  Do you follow politics . hey there yes I do  did you know the republican party was founded in     .I didnt realize that   I didnt realize that they dominated in the northern states either . ya I didn t either  also didn t know that red and blue weren t associated with republicans and democrats until the year    .Same here   I thought those had been around forever . I know  It seems like forever since we had a president who wasn t a Democrat or Republican  since      actuallY .That is a long time   Just goes to show you how long the two party system has really been in power . yup I agree  we should change how elections are run  did you know that Back in athens a long time ago  they would just do a lottery to elect officials.I heard that was because they wanted to avoid oligarchy . yup you re right  its sad though  the highest voter turnout we ve ever had in the USA was      .Maybe if there were options like Nevada has people would vote . yup but if they are choosing to vote  none of these candidates  then your vote is still meaningless haha so whats the point of showing up. Well  if there was something in place that would require a new ticket if that got so many votes that would be great . ya thats a good diea  do you know why the taller candidate usually wins in US elections  That seems weird that they win     of the time. Yeah  maybe people associate height with power . it must be something primal like that  did you know that there is an exclusive subway line that shuttles congresspeople to different government buildings . I heard about those  and the Rep  vs  dems baseball game the congress plays   That must be hilarious . yes they ve been playing those games since       the republicans are up by   wins overall btw .I wonder how many people actually play fantasy congress   I cant imagine that would be too exciting . haha ya that sounds boring  also boring to be there while Elmo was testifying before Congress lol talk about a waste of time.I wonder what elmo had to say     lol  Have a great day   Nice Chat 
conversation_421  Hello  do you follow politics . Hi  it s hard not to these days with everything going on in the news .I agree  Did you know there hasn t been a president who wasn t a republican or democrat since      . Wow I did not know it has been that long  I really think Bernie should run as an independent and not as democrat  The fear is always splitting the vote  but that happens anyway .Yep that s true  Every president with a beard has always been a republican .Really  I guess you re right  Of course the gop used to be completely different than the mess they are today  Only recently I discovered GOP stands for grand old party   .Oh wow I didn t know it stood for that either  The last time a republican was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was back in      . Crazy  although I don t think there will be a Bush in       Did you know when Hillary was in college she was president of young republicans .That s hilarious  I did not know that about her . Yeah  the Republican party was a lot different more recently than people think  In fact Nixon was the only president ever to propose a guaranteed min income  Now people would probably like to reduce min wage to    an hour or something crazy  .Oh wow I didn t know that either  I saw the red and blue colors associated with each party didn t start until      .That is crazy  So recently yet it feels like they ve always been that way  I think they should change the voting system so the popular vote counts for more .Yea I m not too sure what would work these days for the election . Elections are a mess  not just presidential  A dog has not only won an election for mayor but served as a mayor for    years  Dogs don t even live much past    lol . I agree  LOL   that s pretty funny  During the      US elections  international observers were blocked from the polls in nine states .I can only imagine what      is going to be like  Hopefully by then they start allowing you to vote online  I can t imagine it would be that hard  In Oregon elections are done by mail  Online would be a natural progression . I agree  Since       the taller candidate has won the election by     .I guess if you re short it s barely worth running  Subconscious perceptions most likely or it s just a fluke .LOL yep  I heard that is actually the case for interviews too .There are certainly some weird facts  The faster blinker has in debates has lost every presidential election since       I can t see how blinking speed would effect public opinion .It was good chatting with you 
conversation_422 Have you read Book Club or Fifty Shades of Grey . No I haven t   I ve seen commercials for both movies and Book Club looks interesting   I like Diane Keaton  Candice Bergen  and Mary Steenburgen   Have you read the books . I havent  I did see the movies  the Book Club movie was pretty good and Im guessing the book is better  the movie grossed around    million.I think Book Club mentions other books such as Moby Dick and Fifty Shades of Grey . Well its a romantic comedy novel   and yeah books like Fifty Shades are referenced in it also Don Quixote  so seems interesting.I think mentioning other literature like A midsummer Night s Dream in the movie can inspire readers and movie watchers to read more . I agree that would be a good way to inspire readers specially fans of the novel  do you like to read .I used to  I just don t seem to have the time any more   You know what I think is interesting is that the olympics used to have literature as an olympic event up until        It s a shame they don t anymore .It was   I heard architecture and paiting were events as well but didnt know literature was another one. Yes it was along with music  painting  and even sculpture   It really seems like back in the day art was valued much more than now . It sure was  I think it should remain an olimpyc event  it may not be a sport but it would be interesting to watch  a prize for the best artist.i agree with you completely   Did you know that Winston Churchill won a nobel prize for literature   You would think it would be for peace or some other government related event but instead it was for writing . I didnt and I agree it does seen odd he must have some pretty good novels or pieces  you know romantic kissing is like a new development .Is it really   It seems like something people have been doing since the beginning of time   Do you know when it started . Not sure  but its a recent development according to the article  you know what makes me angry  censoring books like the FDA  they burn down   tons of books.That is bad  They must have done that years ago  I don t remember anything recent about burning books   In today s world even if they did the book would be online so we no longer have to worry about censorship . Yeah I agree  its a good thin we have online book stores now but still why burn books doesnt seem like the right thing to do  do you know who Tom Hanks is .I do know who he is   Is he a favorite actor of yours   As far as comedy goes I like bill Murray   You know he said that kung fu hustle is a supreme achievement in modern comedy   Weird but funny . Yeah he is one of my favorites for sure  he is actually the highest all time box office star and was  over     billion in earnings  thats pretty impressive I must say. It definitely is  It s much more impressive than the movie Trojan Wars  It had a budget of             and earned only      at the box office . Wow that is sure disappointing  they only earned       that must be a total failure for sure. It must have been  I messed up by the way   The budget was               Sorry for the confusion   
conversation_423  How are you  Did u know With over      billion worldwide film earnings  tom hanks is the highest all time box office star . I think I read that somewhere   I did know however that Even though John Carter was considered a flop for Disney  it did great in Russia  even breaking box office records.Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after sleeping beauty was a box office failure . Good think it didn t   If you take inflation into account  the original Star Wars trilogy made more money that the prequels in the US by                .wow thats crazy  The silence of the lambs came out on valentine s day in      and had a box office of over      million .I didn t know it did that good   The first game to surpass Hollywood box office sales was Mortal Kombat     I actually saw that one   I was a huge fan of the game . The game was awesome   Still a classic   the movie was not that great lol . The first one was I thought  but not the second one   I was surprised to see that the Lord of the Rings trilogy made big losses even though it was a huge box office success .Wow thats crazy    That was an amazing series . I know  I am shocked it lost money   I am also a humongous comedy fan   Did you know that Drew Carey was in the Marine Corps for   years   He would tell jokes to his fellow marines . Yeah read that too   i cant imagine him in the marines   I love his show   Whose line is it anyway  . Yes  that is a classic   I was shocked to see Evan Almighty was the most expensive comedy ever made   It had a budge of      million  . Oh right   I remember reading that   Thats pretty crazy too   but it probably all went to cgi   . I bet  but definitely not worth it   A comedy has not won the Academy Award for best picture in    years .Comedy central has cancelled over     shows since its creation in     . Man  the Dave Chappelle show on there was the funniest show EVER in my opinion   Check this out   In        The Empire Strikes Back  was nominated by the writers guild of America for its best comedy award   Strange  . lol it definitely had some comedy aspects  Bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is  the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy  . I read that somewhere   I was surprised to hear that   I know in early comedy  slipping on a banana peel was meant to mean slipping in horse manure   .Really   Thats hilarious .Yes it is   I am a fan of Satire comedy as well  That is when comedy is used to portray people or social issues as ridiculous or corrupt . good talking to u   have a good one 
conversation_424 Hi  Do you like comedy   I didn t know until recently that comedy originated in ancient greece . ya I do like comedy  I like that Drew Carey got his start doing comedy when he was in the marines.I didn t know that  I had no idea he was in the marines   The greek that comedy was two groups against one another in an amusing conflict . yup  comedy is cool it was founded in ancient Greece which I didnt know. It s got to be hard to do too   I mean  comedy central has cancelled over     shows since      . that is crazy  its funny too the first comedy film was a guy slipping on a banana peel to fall into horse poop haha. It is funny   I m guessing it was an old film and even still today that would be funny   Hey did you know that ancient greece did political satire and it influenced their voters   Sounds a lot like today s world . that does sound like today  I like parody best though  it subverts your expectations and critiques without condemning.I like that too   It seems nicer   Everyone has their favorite though   Bill Murray thinks kung fu hustle is the supreme achievement of modern age comedy . haha I do like that movie  have you seen Evan Almighty .I think I have  Is that the one with Jim Carrey . that was Bruce Almighty  this one was actually the most expensive comedy ever made. Are you serious   There are so many others out there I would think would be just as expensive if not more   I wonder if it did any good   Trojan Wars had a budget of             and only earned      . haha weird  also weird its been    years since a comedy won best picture. That is weird   Everyone likes comedy but I guess since everyone s tastes are different it s hard to single one thing out for an award   Then again  tv shows are different    rd Rock from the Sun won best comedy series in       It beat out the greats  Seinfeld  Friends  and Frasier .I like all those shows  did you know empire strikes back somehow was nominated for a comedy award back in     .No I didn t know that  I don t see how that could be considered a comedy at all   That reminds me of the movie the green lantern  It was going to be a comedy originally . haha that movie was horrible  did you ever see MOrtal Kombat   .No I didn t see that   I know a little about it though  Isn t it from a video game   I don t know who is in it but I know it s not Tom Hanks  He s the highest all time box office star . ya Mortal Kombat   was the first game to make more than the hollywood movie based on it  so the game was good but the movie was unpopular.That s funny and awful at the same time   It s like Disney s Treasure Planet   It s one of the most expensive failures ever 
conversation_425 Hey how often do use the internet  I know that I m using it right now haha.I use it really often and Im using it right now as well lol so a lot. Well I personally like clicking on hamburger buttons  they re the buttons that are made of three horizontal lines   the name makes me hungry. That makes me hungry as well  crazy how only    of the people read the terms on a service or product on the net.Yeah I know that I never read them haha  If you went on Mount Everest would you take a selfie at the top  Apparently they have   g service there. That would be great  taking a selfie in the top of the tallest mountain  I didnt know you could get addicted to the internet. I did know that  I m probably addicted right now haha  And yes if you use the internet too much you can get addicted to clicking links. That is just crazy  its a good thing there a copy stored in the library of Alexandria  I cant imagine my life without the internet now.No I agree with you  I wonder how often they back it up at the Alexandria library though  Do you believe that there is extraterrestrial life in the galaxy . I do  we are not alone in the world  the universe is so big that there must be alien life in other planets  galaxies.Yes I think you re right  Have you heard of the Drake equation  It s an equation that calculates the probability that life exists outside of hours in the universe and I think that it has determined that there should be life there somewhere. No havent heard of it  and then I agree with that equation  there are firefighters that are trained on how to treat aliens in case of a crash or an invasion. Well that s pretty cool  Did you ever hear of the show X Files  Apparently in that show aliens began to colonize Earth back in       so maybe they already are here haha. I used to love that show  and who knows maybe they are I try to keep an open mind about that.Yes it s best to keep an open mind  What do you think about Tom Cruise  Did you know he built a    million dollar bunker in his basement to protect him from Aliens LOL. I think he is a great actor  he definitely has the money to do that  I think his a bit too paranoid though. Yep it seems like a really weird thing to buy  have you seen the movie Aliens though  Apparently those aliens were based off of deep sea creatures. Wow  those creatures must be really scary Im guessing you also like astronomy right . Yes I definitely like astronomy  what about you  Did you know that after they created Wi Fi  they were able to use that technology to improve astronomy and imaging in outer space. That is amazing  I dint know that but I can see how the net has improved many things  astronomy one of them. I agree  do you like Bill Nye the Science Guy  Apparently he is the executive director of the planetary society which is an astronomy organization
conversation_426  Did you know in the  x files  aliens begin their colonization of earth on December          . I had no idea  I ve never watched the show  but I wonder if it gives you tips on what to do in case of an invasion  I understand there are some firefighters that are trained to treat aliens .I used to watch the show  Pretty weird that Tom Cruise has a     million underground bunker to protect himself from aliens . It is curious  I mean  since the leader of his religion is an alien  as I understand it  you d think he d be okey doke with aliens . Crazy  what religion is he  . Scientology  It s a mix of sci fi and self help  with a nice dose of pyramid scheme added in  . Oh yeah  I ve seen shows on that  That is crazy  I wonder if they could make a franchise out of that similar to the Alien s movie franchise  . With aliens from the deep  I d love that  Of course  the Scientology aliens come from volcanoes  which is a whole other   thing .That would be a pretty cool movie  They could even have a cameo from Bill Nye the science guy . Aw  he s the best  He s the executive director of the Planetary Society  I love astronomy .I used to watch his show a lot  Did you know that the Ancient babylonians had a sophisticated understanding of astronomy . I m not surprised  Once you observe the sky regularly  you start to see where everything is  I d like to go to the place in Iran they call astronomy town  They ve cut back on light pollution to see the sky better  .Interesting  Were you aware that only    of people read the ToA for a product off of the internet  Seems a bit high to me . That seems like an optimistic number  I don t think I ve ever read it  Now  if the library of Alexandria has a copy of the internet saved  does the internet have a copy of all the things in the library of Alexandria . Interesting  the wayback machine might actually have that . I d forgotten about the wayback machine  I hope my old website hasn t been saved  Though it s nice to know that I could read it from atop Mt  Everest  if I had to  Can you imagine being up there and wanting to be on the internet .I would never climb up there  I m scared of heights  But that is interesting that there is  g service up there .I wouldn t either  It s amazing how interconnected our lives are because of the internet  The whole world was reshaped because of it . yeah  that is pretty cool  But the internet is addictive  .It certainly is  I just want to click through everything and learn just enough things to be a know it all .I think a lot of people do  The longest name in the world is a story about a shepherd apparently 
conversation_427  Hi what arts do you enjoy  Music  Literature  etc .Hello   I enjoy it all  Did you know Linkin Park played     concerts in      .That is amazing  Even the ramones who toured for    years only played like     per year.Yea that s pretty amazing  I love Linkin Park .Also that is almost one every day  Must have been incredibly taxing.I bet  In Croatia there is an ancient amphitheater that is still in use as a venue today .Isn t there also one in pompeii  I believe pink floyd performed there. Yes  I ve seen the Pink Floyd performance in Pompeii  .Do you mean the recording  I believe that had no audience on site. Yes  I saw the recording of it  .Did you like it .Yea it was pretty good  Do you like poetry .I enjoy my fair share  There are many different types of poetry though. Yes there is a lot  There is a poem when read normally is depressing  but when read backwards  is inspiring .That in itself is inspiring  Much like saying there is two sides to every story. Yep  The Japanese alphabet  when recited in order  forms a poem .Are you familiar with palindromes .I am not  Do you know a lot about them . Palindromes are a series of words that are the same read forward or backwards  Understanding that  you must understand how hard it must have been for Demetri Martin to write a     word palindrome poem .Oh wow ok  I bet that was a challenge then . Indeed  In any case  thanks for chatting 
conversation_428 Do you like concerts .Sometimes don t really get out much though  What kind of concerts . I like the Ramones to be honest  what about you  .Everybody loves Raymond .Hilarious  Do you play violin . Nope  i don t play any instrument  Do you . I play guitar  piano  and drums  I grew up playing mozart  no lie  .Wow that s awesome  I do love music though  I mostly listen to instrumentals  Violin and electric guitar sounds great together . Yeah  they are great  I didn t know that some violins could be upwards of    mill  .That s ridiculous especially since modern violins were preferred to Stradivarius ones when blind tested . What about poetry  do you like it  .Well i use to write a little when i was younger  What about you .Not really to be honest .There is a poem that when read forward is depressing but when read backward is inspiring .Did E E  Cummings write it .Not sure who wrote it but i would like to read it  Did you know that Linkin Park played     concerts in one year . I did  they were good  .Yeah i like them too  shame how things went down  Wow i didn t realize that law suits could be filled if a concert was  bad . Yeah  I heard about that with Creed  They aren t the best  in my opinion  .Yeah not like Pink floyd .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_429 Hello  Are you interested in poetry at all . Hi  Poetry is ok  not really my thing  I read poems in school  Nowadays  I don t  I prefer novels  You .I didn t love poetry either  But I do like individual poems  There s a poem that read normally is sad but becomes inspiring when read backwards . That s great  Words can be depressing or uplifting depending on their order  Edgar Allan Poe only received    for the publication of  The Raven   I wonder if he got royalties . That s surprising  I m sure he got compensated somehow  I think words can be beautiful when orchestrated properly  Once I read a     word long poem  that turns out to be an entire palindrome .HOw long did it take to write that poem  It sounds like something that would require a computer  I wonder if it s a pretty poem . I m sure it must have taken forever  On the other hand  the Japanese alphabet is naturally a poem when recited in order .I think you mean the Javanese alphabet  The Japanese alphabet wouldn t work  Do you get a chance to go to concerts much . Oh I think you re right  And I do sometimes  I saw Linkin Park in       I thought it was very unique until finding out they had almost     concerts just that year . They were on a tear  weren t they  I think they must have made a ton a cash that year  The following album must have had high expectations  I couldn t tour like that . Oh I m sure it must have been exhausting  Then again imagine the Ramones  they played       concerts total over    years  that s insane .The Ramones must have discovered the secret of youth  How could they maintain that pace  Their fans must love them .I m sure they appreciated them like crazy for doing that  On the other hand I remember there was a Creed concert that was so awful that people actually filed a lawsuit against them .Creed must have done something so bad for their own fans to sue them  Did they won  Does it matter  I hope they learned a lesson . I have no idea  I d guess they didn t win  Maybe it was the fault of the theater and not Creed  Like there s an ancient Roman amphitheater in Croatia  I bet the acoustics there are awful .I bet it wouldn t matter for Creed  They would get sued no matter where they played  I wonder if the Ramones ever played in Croatia .Well I know Pink Ployd recorded a live concert at a different Roman amphitheater in Pompeii  Then again there was no audience so who knows how good it really was . It was probably ok  but was it necessary  Why that amphitheater  Then again  they were artists  Who knows what they want .Yeah people have interesting choices for sure  Have you ever been to a violin concert . I have been to the symphony  but not concerts for violins specifically .Neither have I  But I think it would be an experience for sure  There s a musical piece where artists gradually leave the stage until only two violinists are remaining . That s interesting  I wonder what it sounds like  Very modern  I suppose  I wonder what a violin made out of stone sounds like  It probably  rocks  pretty hard . Haha definitely it would be nice to see that at a concert  Anyway  it was nice talking to you  have a nice night 
conversation_430  Hi  how are you  Do you like to use the Internet .Hey  Yes I love the Internet  They carry so much information and resources and services . i worry about the internet  i think that it could be addictive and that i might lose myself in it  the clicking  the constant clicking .That is definitely a valid concern  What is weird is that humans are the minority on the Internet outnumbered by automated software programs .i did not know that  we are monitored all the time  even these very chats that we do could be handled by bots in the future  then what .Yes that s a good question I m not sure what would happen then  One cool thing is that in Finland everyone has the right to an Internet connection .i think that is great  people need to be connected for work and school and also to make friends  maybe not bot friends though .Agreed  When people look themselves up on the internet it is called egosurfing  I wonder if bots egosurf lol .that would be funny  comparing themselves to other bots  the narcissstic bot  that would be their downfall.Yeah it would  What is crazy is that astronauts in space have faster internet than most american homes .that would make sense to me  i guess they need a speedy link to send and receive data  do you believe in extraterrestrials .Yeah true  I do although we have never made contact  Even the ancient greeks wrote stories about them . i guess the skies seemed mysterious to them too  what is up there past the stars  they must have wondered  i figure that one day we will make contact  but not the way we expect .Yeah I don t think we will  The president of the world chess federation believe chess was invented by aliens  That is certainly an odd theory lol . why aliens  it is not such a strange game  simple pieces  simple board  simple moves  complex strategy .Yes my thoughts precisely  Well at least we are prepared  The UN has a contingency plan just in case .I dont have too much faith in that  the UN doesnt speak alien  And they would probably protect themselves .Yeah agreed  Maybe the USA needs its own plan  The sequel to charlie and the chocolate factory has aliens . What  that is strange  Aliens in a chocolate factory  Why  I guess the kids like aliens  Why not zombies  Anyway  great chat .Haha yes I question that same thing  They are all hypothetical life forms indeed  You have yourself a good rest of the day now . Thanks  you too  Take care .Bye now  Also the vatican owns its own observatory  I wonder if its secretly for finding aliens   
conversation_431  Hello  do you like Astronomy . I do  but do not follow it closely   I did have the good fortune of seeing the      annular eclipse when I was on a consulting assignment in Utah   And you . I also enjoy it when I can   A while ago  ancient babylonians understood astronomy so well  they were able to track planets with mathematical precision  .Its amazing that they were able to do that without the modern optics and computers we have today   It seems the interest in astronomy is so great that even the Vatican has an observatory . I went to the Vatican a few years ago  and did not know that   Wi fi was actually a byproduct of research into improving astronomy imagery .I doubt the younger generation would know how to live without WiFi   They seem to live their life on the internet via social media   Did you know that Finland has made access to the internet a human right . I did not know it is a right in Finland  I agree with too much reliance now   I don t know how many will need this  but there is  g service and internet capabilities at the peak of mount everest   So you can take the selfie up there before passing out   . LOL   What amazes me is how people assume they can do anything  even on their employer s internet   Did you happen to hear about the criminal investigation that shut down the Sunspot Observatory in NM . I remember when that was going on  didn t hear too much why initially   I know there were theories of Aliens . Well  it was not E T downloading illegal materials  it was the janitor   I am glad the facility director got the FBI involved .Definitely glad the FBI got involved   That janitor claimed someone been entering there to steal their internet service   Lol I don t think E T would stop there now . Thankfully that is over and the observatory is back up and running   And  I hope they have upgraded their internet security   Do you think there is life out there that we do not yet know about . I do think how vast the galaxies are  that there has to be life somewhere else   In the X Files aliens started to colonize Earth in        That hasn t happened yet .I find it interesting that the U N  already has a contingency plan in the event aliens do make contact   People have been fantasizing about forever  an ancient Greek wrote about plant like aliens on the moon over      years ago . Wow that is a long time ago  and where humans were thinking about that   Tom Cruise believes in aliens  he built an underground bunker to protect himself from E T . Tom Cruise may be a popular actor but he also has very unique beliefs   Perhaps aliens are already here spying on us   Did you know that humans are a minority  on the internet  being outnumbered by bots  Perhaps some are there collect info for their home world  LOL.Lol    I did not know that   Starting to get me thinking now   I do know I am one of the    that do try my best to read the full terms when buying something on the internet   lol. I buy from a few online vendors who s terms I have read   While I may find a cheaper price at an unknown ecommerce site  is it real and what are the terms   Online  I do occasionally play chess with other players from around the world   Did you know the president of the world chess federation believes that chess was invented by aliens . No I did not   Seems like a lot of people out there believe in alien life   Well anyways  it was nice talking to you   Have a great day  . The internet may have a dark side  but I like the positive things it has done  like facilitating the sharing of knowledge   I like using the online star charts to help understand the night sky from time to time   I might do that tonight   Take care   .Thank you you also 
conversation_432 Hi   Are you a fan of cats . Yea cats are awesome  in japan and taiwan they have cat cafes where you can have drinks and pet cats.That is pretty cool   It is crazy to think that when a cat reaches    years old it has spent    years of its life sleeping .Sound like the life to be able to be able to sleep    years out of    like cats too. They are pretty lucky that way   There is a cat that is published  but only because a physicist listed him as the co author so he could write in first person .Lol thats pretty cool but not as cool as Talkeetna Mayor Stubbs.Mayor Cat   Hmm     hed probably put nap time as mandatory   I could get behind that .He has been a mayor since      so he has spent at least    years of his tenure sleeping. He probably has  that is crazy   I wonder how that happened .Maybe there is a large feral cat population up there.That is partly how the cat in the opening scene of the Godfather was a stray on the set . Yea there are a lot of cats  the only pet with higher numbers are fish. Kinda crazy  to think that there are that many cats in the world .Theres a lot of cats and they are successful in many environments despite of    percent of the earth s natural forest being destroyed.I know for the short time humans have been on earth we have certainly destroyed a lot of the earth   There wont even be any helium left at the end of the   st centruy. I wonder what is causing the earth to be helium free by the end of the century  i guess there won t be many ballons left. True  we should probably conserve that now . Maybe the UN should try to do something about  sounds more important than appointing an official ambassador to extraterrestirals.I wonder if that position will ever be used   I would feel somewhat silly telling people that is my job . An extraterrestrial ambassador sounds like a sweet job  or a good bar story.You could win tons of bets   Tell people you have the most outlandish job  Wins everytime. lol i guess so  Well i got to go  nice talking with you
conversation_433  Hi  how are you  What do you think of this planet of ours . Hello  Great  Its very interesting   Its upsetting about our natural forests being destroyed .Ithink that we will destroy them all within the next     years  We cannot slow down  We want more and more. Could be  very sad  I hope not though .Soon we will run out of helium  Earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the   st century  Where will it all go . I know  where  Interesting when the earth was formed a day was only     hours long .Now it s longer and getting even longer  Soon the workday will be    hours  I will retire then . lol  good idea   We have a time change on the   th of March .I totally forgot  I guess that I will lose an hour of sleep  Doh . Yeah  spring forward   Do you like superhero s like Wonder woman .I like Wonder Woman  I did not see the recent film  I heard it was good . I didn t either  Gal Gadot was unaware she was auditioning for wonder woman  she thought it was for cat woman .That s great  She looks like Wonder Woman  She is in great shape and has the look .I think so  She s perfect for the part  I do like cat woman though too . She would do well in that too  When wonder woman first appeared as a member of the justice society in       the group made her their secretary  That is pretty sexist  But typical for the day .I was thinking the same thing  In      Winston Churchill won a Nobel prize in literature .I guess he was good at telling stories  I never knew that  He was quite a leader  I guess I should check out his works . Yes  he was half American and half British  . Yes  I believe he got honorary citizenship or something  I dont remember  Anyway  great chat . Yes  have a good night   Good chat .Good night .You too 
conversation_434  Hi  how are you .im great  how are you  do you like snakes .Not really  I could move to new zealand and never see them again  What about you .i dont like snakes but i dont hate  they are to be respected  they are part of nature.There is a genus of flying snakes  Nope .That would be a hard no for me too  dang nature why you so scary LOL Crocodiles are more closely related to birds than they are to snakes and lizards  i guess i could move to australia. Australia s got crazy too  I remember a story of huge birds dropping dead out of the sky  Or maybe they were bats  Anyways  huge flying things falling from the sky . yeah  lots of scary things there  crocodiles are pretty scary  but they are not related snakes LOL.Humans are not the only ones afraid of snakes  Monekys are too . monkeys are smart  they know what is dangerous  i bet a lot of creatures are afraid  of snakes .I wonder if they can tell the difference between snakes and legless lizards . i bet they dont care  they fear anything that is close  i know i would  by the way  do you go to concerts much .I do  Do you go to concerts much .I used to go quite a bit when i was younger  now i dont really go  no time or money .I do not like the crowds any more  I like smaller venues and local music .i dont like crowds either  not very intimate  i do like sitting near the stage and seeing the musicians up close . I am more of a bar guy at the bar  just listening and relaxing . yeah  i hear you  music to unwind  not dealing with crowds and hassles  would you ever sue a band for a bad performance  i wonder how mad i would have to be .Are you talking about Creed  I remember that on the news and I laughed out loud because that is something I can see scott stapp doing .they must have sucked incredibly to drive people to a lawsuit  they probably should have practiced a bit before touring . He got stupid drunk before the show  passed out after    minutes  and then the show ended  Once he was sued  he called it performance art  Such a waste   . thats terrible  the guy has a drinking problem and needs help  Anyway  great chat .Ditto  Have a great day 
conversation_435 Hi do you like Wonder woman movie. Yea  Patty Jenkins did a great job directing Wonder Woman.Yes pretty good one in the DC universe. Yea  Gal Gadot was a perfect casting choice to play Wonder Woman.Yes she is perfect  during audition she was not aware that she is auditioning for Wonder woman.I never knew that  I also didn t know Wonder Woman s first film appearance was in the Lego Movie.Gal gadot has seved in israel defence force   I thought she was paegent queen.That is pretty cool  Did you know Wonder Woman was the justice Society s secretary in      .no but it was the highest superhero origin movie  may be marvel movie may break this record soon.Probably  Do you read literature  It used to be an olympic event.Yes had read few    but FDA has burned   tons of literature in act of censorship  I dont think that was a good act. That is very strange  not as strange as the heavy metal as a form of literature course taught at Texas AM.not they are in electronic form and burning is not that easy poor FDA. That is odd  I wonder if it had to do with the recent development of Romantic Kissing in literature.do you know that Winston Churchill won a nobel prize for literature. No  I figured he would win for peace  not literature.some things are hard to believe   Earth s day was     hrs long when formed. That s pretty crazy  plus earth s magnetic field reverses every                 years.Gravitional interaction between Earth and Moon gradually slows its rotation. Crazy  did you know earth is  x as dense as sun  well nice talking with you.  We even have a ambassador for extra terrestrials  Nice talking to you.Have a good one
conversation_436 Do you like poetry . I m not too into them  I heard that Ursula K Le Guin who is known for her science fiction and fantasy novels  finshed a collection of poetry before her death .Wow i did not know that  Did you know that Demetri Martin wrote a     word palindrome poem . Interesting  Le Guin  in her poem  Normal  talks about not feeling bad to crush others to achieve goals  But the poem wanted to demonstrat that we should not let destructive attitudes prevail.ok  You know how much the famus author Edgar Allen poe received for the publication of the raven . It was     Depressing  Speaking of depressing  there is one  poem that when read normally is depressing but read backwards is inspiring .Wow that s one i would like to read  Have you ever seen the movie the hobbit .I think I have  There is a book of poems by Emily Jungmin Yoon that seems quite depressing it is about Korean comfort women in WWII in Japanese occupied territories .Wow that most be a heart wrenching read  I asked about the hobbit because almost all the characters are named that were taken from an old Iceland poem Dvergatal .Nice  Some poetry that i would like to learn more about is the javanese alphabet  It actually forms a poem when recited in order.Now that is unique  Poetry has a long history dating back to prehistoric times . Oh  how far back do they go .Well in Africa they used it while hunting .Very cool  It seems humans have always used poetry to explore a deeper meaning in life.Some of the earliest written poetry in Africa can be found among pyramids text written during the   th century bc . People search for truth through literature  like Wiman  an editor of Poetry magazine  who suffers from blood cancer .Wow i did not know that  are you a cat lover . I am not though I have a stray cat that is annoyingly cute that comes around and cuddles with me  Speaking of which  the cat in the Godfather opening scene was a stray that was found on set .I hole they at least feed him  Apparently there a cat named Stubbs as the major of Talkeetna Alaska since      .That is interesting .To say the least  When a cat reaches    years old it has usually spent    years of it sleeping . Ah  that is the life  I would love to go to a cat cafe where I could relax with cats and have a drink 
conversation_437 Hi  I think it s so fascinating to learn facts about the earth  Earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the   st century  I wonder what is causing that .Good question  Humans only represent   minute and    seconds if the entire earths history was viewed as   day .Wow that is hard to believe  And back when the earth was first formed a day was only     hours long .That is wild  Over     of Earths natural forests have been destroyed . That is quite sad  Only     remaining  well I hope we can conserve that at least .Hopefully  Do you think extraterrestrials will ever make contact with us .I don t know that is a good question I think at some point but I don t know if it will be in my lifetime  There is definitely a lot of sightings in the literature but no specific evidence  The FDA once burned   tons of literature in an active US censorship .That is absurd  I love how there is a literature contest that challenges people to come up with the worst opening sentence to a novel .That is very funny I would love to read some of those sentences  One surprising thing is that romantic kissing is a fairly recent development and is rarely mentioned even an ancient Greek literature .Very interesting  Love how Churchill won a nobel peace prize in literature and not peace .Yeah that is very interesting and something I did not know  He was a very smart man  Pretty cool he was  able to accomplish that back in      .Have you seen the Wonder Woman movie .Yes I have it I thought it was really cool  Gal Gadot did a great job  DC comics must ve been very impressed .Definitely  She actually served in the Israeli Defense Forces for   years .Wow she is really an amazing woman  Explains why the fight scenes were so realistic  When wonder woman first appeared as a member of the Justice society in      the group made her their secretary  Oh how times have changed .I did not know it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie .Yeah that is a huge accomplishment wow  It is also the highest grossing world war one movie .Very impressive  I really did like that movie .Yes it was a great one       was also a great year for movies and it was the first year since      that the top three highest grossing domestic films were female lead .Makes sense  Gal did not even know she was auditioning for wonder woman  She thought it was Catwoman .Ha ha that is hilarious Patty Jenkins was a great director of that movie  Well it was nice chatting with you have a good day 
conversation_438 What are your thought on Tina Turner  I think she is really talented. I remember her from childhood   I definitely think she is super talented   Such a unique voice   Have you ever been to her concert  I hear Linkin park did     concerts in one year   . Thats a lot like   concert per day if you exclude holidays  seems like a big toll on the band. I know right   crazy   also the ramones played a total of       concerts  . A total of       concerts  wow  that must have taken them years .Yeah its basically like they toured for over    years . Oh that makes sense but still      concerts per year is a lot  I wonder why they made it. Probably for the money lol that must be taxing on your body and mental health too   thats like a non stop party for    years ugh  . Yeah  sounds demanding  so do you like the Walt Disney Company . Absolutely   I love Disney   Do you . I love Disney as well  one of my favorite movies Big Hero    . Nice   I have so many   little mermaid  aladdin   lion king  inside out   wreck it ralph   incredibles  frozen  moana . Those are awesome movies as well  interesting fact about Big Hero    the movie was made with a super computer        cores. wow   Thats amazing   I like the city it is based in  san fransokyo lol . I like it too  a lot of creativity in the movie  another interesting fact is that minnie mouse is short for minerva mouse.I guess that makes sense   Never thought it was short for anything lol. That was a new fact for me as well  do you remember Bill Nye the science guy . Yes   I do remember him   they guy who looks like steve martin haha. Yeah the same one lol  well he was the science consultant in the movie Flubber.Thats awesome  The wall e movie name is a tip of the hat to walt disney . It is  I didnt like that movie much but the name is nice  
conversation_439 Have you ever seen the film Wonder Woman .I havent  I do want to though . Yeah  it s an ok film  it s actually produced by DC Entertainment  I think I m a fan of Marvel more though .I think I like Marvel better too   My favorite of all time is Deadpool though . Oh  I love that character  But surprisingly even with how not good it was  Wonder Woman managed to be the highest grossing superhero movie . Wow  even higher than all the Batmans . Yes  and it s even considered a WWI movie  I wonder why though  Perhaps its because the actress  Gal Gadot  served two years as a soldier in the Israel Defense Forces .That is cool that she served   She seems to be a good role model for young girls . She really does  It s not a superhero thing  but Earth will be helium free by the end of the   st century  I wonder what kind of impact that would bring  do you know . I am not sure  it is probably something I should know   Humans have done a lot of damage to the planet . Yeah I agree  especially when the FDA burns through six tons of literature in an act of US censorhip. That is so wasteful   Did you know winston chruchills prize was in Literature  not peace .Oh really  Did he publish something to warrant the prize .I think he did   Dont know what though . There s an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with worst possible opening sentences to novels  I wonder why  any guesses . I think there is a contest for that   Man  that must be fun to judge .Yeah seriously and very entertaining too  Romantic kissing was only a fairly recent development  How is that possible .I dont know  I thought that was around for ages .Seriously  Maybe that s why the FDA burned six tons of literature  But why does the FDA have jurisdiction over censorship of literature .Thats a good question  I am against all censorship . Me too  but maybe times have changed since then 
conversation_440 Hey   Do you enjoy Poetry   It s a form of literature that uses aesthetic and the rhythmic attributes of language . Hello there  yes I do enjoy some poetry for sure  how about yourself   .I do too   I ve even read some hunting poetry from Africa . That sounds very interesting   Did you know Edgar Allan Poe only got    for his  The Raven  poem   .No that is amazing   I remember reading that in High Shool .Yeah I will always remember that poem from a halloween episode of the Simpsons . Some of the earliest written poetry comes from Africa  around the   th century BCE  .I am really interested in reading some of that it sounds so cool .Do you like astronomy   I have always found Earth fascinating   It was formed     billion years ago   That s so old . Yeah I love learning and reading about it  so cool   That is old   Did you know years from now the earth will be helium free  . I did not know that   I do find it sad however  that    percent of earth s forests have already been destroyed . Yeah I think I read that somewhere as well   It is very sad to me to think about that  and I m sure it will continue to be destroyed  . We think of a day as being    hours long   But when Earth was first formed  a day was only     hours .That is crazy to think how much longer the days are now   Imagine going back to     days  You would feel like you lived a lifetime in a week lol .If earth s  history was viewed in a    hour period   Humans would only represent about   minute and    seconds   Shows you how young we really are .Yeah that really makes you think   Did you know that     of the earth s surface is covered by water .Yea I have heard that   And the remaining     is land consisting of continents and islands .Yeah its just crazy thinking how vast the oceans really are   Did you know that we live on the densest planet in the solar system .No I didnt   I would have thought it would have been Jupiter or something . Yeah same here  I would never had guessed that it was earth  so interesting  . Are you a Cat person   Did you know when a cat is    years old  they have spent about    years of that sleeping . No  but I don t mind them   That is astonishing  I guess they like to sleep a lot   Well it was nice talking with you today  I hope you enjoy the rest of the day  
conversation_441 Are you afraid of snakes .To be honest yes and I was born and raised in the country . I am afraid of snakes too so no judging here  I think its a rational fear . Yes  I have a close friend raise snakes  he or she wouldn t never have to worry about me visiting  Hahaha . Yeah I would stay as far as possible as well lol  a place to go if you hate snakes is New Zealand. Yes you are right  some snakes are poisonous and some are helpful  they eat other snakes and Insects . There is a breed of flying snakes  that would be really scary like   times more scary than a regular snake. Yes you are right  I heard a friend of mine that worked with wildlife said that snakes are more afraid of human as well . Are they  maybe there just pretending lol  so enough of snakes  do you like music  concerts . yes hahaha  I like concerts give me Bruce Springsteen  Elton John and Phil Collins  first three . I went to a Linking Park concert once  it was a long time ago  and also to a Ramones concert  but other than that no. I used to live in Las Vegas  that where I saw Elton John  can you imagine linkin park doing     concerts in      . I cant  thats a lot of concerts  thats almost a concert a day if you dont count holidays  . Where do these performance get their energy from  I am tired after doing one song when I am in church . Probably a lot of drugs  that can be really helpful or so Ive heard. Yes I agree with you  I am not familiar with the group  The ramones  is this an all male group or male and female . It was a male band  they all had Ramon as one of their names  not sure if they were family or if it was because of their artistic names.Wow that s embarrassment in      a creed concert was so bad four concert doers filed a lawsuit against the band . I used to like that band a lot  too bad the concert was so bad they got sued  the band used to have a lot of talent and a couple of great songs. They must have party all that night before the concert  many of these band members have problems like everyone else  sometime we all have bad days . I guess they all had a pretty bad day the night or evening of the concert  I still like their songs though  
conversation_442 Do you like to read  Seems like Woman Who Fly is a great book. I like to read occasionally  I have not heard of that  what is it about . Its about tales of flying woman  mythologies  visions of female freedom and emancipation  seems like a book with a really original plot.That sounds pretty cool and like something I would like  Did you know earth is almost  x as dense as the sun . No didnt know that  but I do know that it was formed over     billion years ago  crazy how we can tell with a carbon    test.That is crazy  There is a region in Canada with less gravity than the rest of the earth . There is  I guess theres a lot more to earth than what meets the eye  im just glad     of earth is water  I love water  the sea  rivers. I love water regions too  especially the ocean  You could fit all the planets between the moon and the earth and still have room . Amazing and it looks so close you raise your arm and try to touch it  days at earth when it first got formed were only     hours long.Thats pretty short  And I thought they were too short in the winter  Do you like to read . I do like to read yeah  what about you .Yeah  Did you know romantic kissing is a recent development and it is not found in greek literature . No  I do like romantic kissing in movies  books  they give the story unique touch  did you know about that annual literature contest of the worst opening sentence . Yeah  I bet those would be pretty interesting to hear  There s a doctor that teaches heavy metal as a form of literature  . Wow interesting  do you know who Winston Churchill is  well he won a novel prize because of literature . Yeah  he s very talented  The father of modern olympics won a gold medal in literature for writing a poem about sports  . Thats interesting  literature  music  painting used to be events in the Olympic games  .I can t imagine what olympic painting was like  I wonder why they stopped doing it . That is hard too imagine I agree  maybe thats why they took them out of the games in     . Yeah  maybe  The latin word for literature is derived from the word letter . So much about literature I dont know  interesting chat  
conversation_443 Are you familiar with tina turner .Yes I know who she is  I heard she s coming out with a new book .Yeah she is an amazing women in history  I loved the song what s love got to do with it . That s a really good song as so is  Proud Mary  .Yeah i like that one too along with nutbush . Did you ever read her first memoir  I  Tina  .I have not but i did see that movie it was riveting .I haven t seen it nor read the book  I need to check them out .She s won three grammy s so far .Do you feel like Ike was the worst thing that s happened to her .Worst thing meaning her relationship with Ike . Yes  I feel like they didn t get along . Yeah  I will say this he is a part of who she became  Am i not giving him credit for anything  look at joe jackson .After they got married in Tijuana Ike took her to a show without her consent . Yeah I don t like him  i m just impressed at how she became a butterfly  .She showed her courage and became an inspiration for many women .Indeed  I ll have to read that book i m sure it s good  Do you know Kim  K .I know who Kim Kardashian is .What do you think of her Hollywood career .She s made a name for herself  Everyone knows who she is now .do you like snakes .I do  I actually have a red tailed boa . Snakes are elongated  legless creatures  do you know there is a lizard with no legs  Wouldn t that just be a snake . It seems like it would be called that  Someone told me there s several in my area  but I ve never seen one  .I would not want to  I hear there are snakes that appear to fly  Is that true . That would be very  very scary  . I should probably move to new Zealand  they don t have any snakes there .That would be nice  Well I have to run  It was nice chatting with you  Have a good night 
conversation_444  Hi  do you use Netflix . I am a subscriber yes  do you . I used to  I don t now  As of October       Netflix has     million total subscribers worldwide  including       million in the United States  Amazing . I know  a lot of people subscribe to the service  still Netflix has a huge deficit.I guess they have been spending tons of money  I know that Netflix spends    times more on postage than bandwidth .I wonder why  isnt there whole business model online . I guess some parts of the country have little bandwidth  People need DVDs and such  Still  many online users  From  pm to   am  Netflix accounts for     of all bandwidth in north america . So Netflix also has the DVD service  interesting  I guess every subscriber counts  still seems a bit excessive     more times     and wow     really .It seems to work  Netflix is now worth    billion . They have       billion in debt  not sure if its a giant anymore  theres also new streaming services out there that are a threat to Netflix. I expect them to have competitors  After racking up a     late fee on a vhs copy of Apollo     Reed Hastings was inspired to start netflix  Someone else will get inspired to take on Netflix . Blockbuster gave Reed the knife then  they did charge excessive fees . Probably a big part of their business model  Then they thought they could beat Netflix at the online game  Now they re gone  Bye bye  BB. I guess the lack of vision really affected the company in end  tech keeps on advancing and businesses have to adapt in order to survive  but anyways do you like the Star Wars franchise . Yes  I do  It s interesting that James Earl Jones spent only     hours recording all of Darth Vader s lines and was paid       . Seems like someone got screwed over lol  only       wow  his voice was terrifying. In       Star Wars was dubbed in Navajo  making it the first major film to be dubbed in a Native American language  I wonder if James Earl Jones was involved with this . I dont think so at least not for the       he got paid originally  do you have a favorite Star Wars movie . The second one  Empire  That one is my favorite  Then the first one . Mine was the Return of the Jedi  do you also like Transformers . I don t know them very well  Anyway  thanks for the chat  Have a good night 
conversation_445 Hi   do you like Netflix .I do like Netflix but not as much as I use to  It doesn t seem like they have been adding new shows lately.I used to like it better also  I only use it because we get it for free with T Mobile .Are you a big fan of Star Wars .I m not a huge fan  What about you .No not really  I tried to watch a couple of the movies but I couldn t get into them like some people do .Did you know Netflix accounts for     of all bandwidth usage in North America from  pm   am .I didn t know that but it doesn t surprise me  I guess its pretty popular around the world .I guess so  Netflix and YouTube make up half the peak internet traffic in North America .I watch more youtube than I do Netflix  Which do you prefer .I prefer YouTube as well  Netflix spends    times more on postage than bandwidth.I think Neflix is over rated these days  It use to be pretty neat being able to stream movies  But then the cost went up and its not as awesome  Youtube is free and I can find lots more videos on random stuff .I agree  Netflix is worth    billion though so they must be doing something right .That is true  Do you like the movie Transformers . I have never seen it  but I like Megan Fox  She s easy on the eyes  What about you .I never watched it seemed to be pretty popular back in the day. I think it was popular  In the      film  there are      explosions per minute .Well it was distributed by Paramount Pictures and DreamWorks  I think DreamWorks is the company that made Shrek .I think they are as well  I love DreamWorks films .I think they are a very good company also  Their animation keeps me pretty entertained .It was good talking to you 
conversation_446 Hi  Do you watch Netflix .I do all the time .Me too  They have so many subscribers that they take up around a third of all bandwidth used at night . That s a lot  apparently they and youtube make up half of internet traffic during peek time in North America .That s incredible  I only started using them a few years ago but I think they ve been around since      .I ve been a loyal customer since then and they have come a long way from the B movie streaming they use to do . Yeah  they have a bunch of original series now .I know blockbuster has to be kicking themselves for not purchasing when they had the chance .Definitely  They could have bought it for only     million .Right and to think they are worth   billion  I just watch the avenger infinity war on there  im a big marvel fan . I haven t seen a lot of the Marvel movies was it good .Awesome   you know hasting got the idea after he had to pay a large late fee .I heard it was a     fee or so  I feel his pain  I did that a time or two myself back then . Finally it got so bad i just had to find another store to rent from  haha  of the     million subscribers you mentioned  i believe that about    million are in the US . That s cool that they have a large international presence  They have offices in Japan and Brazil  too  .Yeah that s right and i think their first series was called Lilyhammer  an oxymoron if i ever heard one .True  I think that was made in      .Since then it s like they have a new show new movie every other week . It certainly seems that way  Some of them are really good  though  It s been nice talking to you  Have a great weekend . You too  thanks .Goodbye 
conversation_447 did you know between  pm     am netflix accounts for a third of the bandwidth in north america.I can believe that  My son watches movies all the time along with TV shows and Netflick originals  He got me hooked on Stranger Things .a guy racked up     in late fees on a vhs so he started netflix.I remember the days of rentals  What a pain that was  Now we sit at home and just stream everything  I still like to get Netflix dvds cause I don t understand how to stream  My son laughs at me .well apparently netflix spends    times more on postage than bandwidth so maybe you aren t the only one . Yes  there s a lot of us old fogeys around  I liked them better before they changed their homepage  I find it very hard to find films anymore Amazing that they are almost totally world wide .I agree  I hate the new set up  I didnt realalize netflix started its own content in       I thought it was much more recent than that. Well at first I m sure everyone thought that their self production shows would be like Japanese sci fi films  not worth watching  but some of their shows are very highly rated .do you like star wars  james earl jones only spent     hours recording all of darth vaders lines and was paid       i cant decide if that was a lot or a little in the   s.It was low for voice actors then but he certainly made the character more evil than anyone else could have  That series has made so many people rich  Especially George Lucas .in      the total value for the star wars franchise was     BILLION  Thats insane. Yes and that launched the career of many people  the most notable being Han Solo  The acting in the first was atrocious but got better as more movies were made  All told a great movie .I think its great that george lucas  wife marcia won an academy award for editing while george didn t win any for directing.He got his through notoriety  I think everyone knows his name  Some of the lingo has worked it s way into our language  Did you know that watching that movie was what made James Cameron go into directing .I did not know that  In the original transformers movie there are      explosions per minute lol  Michael Bay must love to blow things up. I think so  Special effects have become a huge part of action movies now  along with CGI of course  I guess the dept  of Defense has big ideas about transformers .well those CGI effects took    hours to render one frame of movement.I m not a computer whiz but I have watched my son do his tricks as an IT expert and sometimes it takes him hours to resolve issues  I know that it would take me years to do one frame .I think the same is true for monster inc it took like a huge amount of hours just to make sullys arm move  I dont think I d have the patience. I hear that Bey s latest production  Bumblebee  is getting great reviews .I cna t believe there are still movies considering optimus prime has died    times in the last    years.I haven t kept track but I m going to remember that fact as a trivia question  I guess Bey actually appeared in one of the films by being a person who gets swatted away .thats interesting
conversation_448  Hi  how are you .I m good thanks  I was reading about tennis recently  Didier Drogba  is a soccer player that stopped a civil war in his home country .I read the other day that they have used helicopters to dry off the fields for tennis.Wow  It s really amazing what they will do for professional sports  And yet grunting in tennis can be considered cheating .Really  I think they do that like every hit .The best players seem too  LOL . Maybe it gives them an advantage  I know a black man won in       and none have won since  that is odd.Was that Rodney Wallace s father .I am not sure to be honest    I have also heard a tennis player invented the polo .That makes me curious about who invented table tennis   Apparently Ping Pong is the name of the company that sells table tennis equipment  It s not the name of the game  I was surprised when I heard that .That is like the kleenex issue  Tennis is pretty much large scale ping pong . Totally  Kleenex and Reynolds Wrap are brands that are so well known  their genre of products are known by the company name   Kind of like Association Football is known just as football  even if it s not a part of the Association .Apparently we call that soccer because it was slang for Association football .Huh  I did not know that  I always wondered where the term soccer came from .there also is a version of soccer where   teams play at once . Hmmm  If soccer players run an average of   miles per game  and they add a third team  I wonder  will that make them run closer to    miles . most likely  that is a lot of running  a lot of people play though  over     million. It s amazing  All those people who play  but there are still some who shine   Rodney Wallace  for example  made     international appearances over    years .he represented his country well  that is a lot of games . I agree  He was born Costa Rican  but he has become an American . that is a great thing for him  I am sure that was one of his dreams  hard work pays off 
conversation_449  Hi  how are you . Hi I m good  did you know that only one black man has ever won the us open tennis tournament .Arthur Ash  I did not know that though  Thanks for sharing . it might be  I m not      sure  do you like tennis though  I do and I play actually.I like it and used to play  I do not play any more though  how often do you play . I play in the summers we play a couple times a week  we play this game called pickleball a lot too its similar to tennis  did you hear that in      they used helicopters to dry off the grass tennis courts  thats funny .I had no idea  I am in parks and recreation and pickleball is a huge sport for us  At least compared to some other sports .ah nice have you ever played  its more action packed and easier than tennis I think.I have not but it does look fun  I am usually working when they are playing and would feel like too much of a slacker if I played instead of worked . haha ya you have to work so thats fair  can you believe the longest tennis match ever lasted    hours spread over   days  I would be so tired. I think that was john isner  no . oh I m not sure  I would hate to be the loser of that match though  It does seem like you know a lot about tennis players. I watch way too much sports  If it is a big moment in sports  I know about it  I wish I watched less tv though but I love sports so much . ya I agree  do you know the origin of the polo shirt  like who invented it and such .I do not  Was it Ralph Lauren . well it was created by a tennis player named Rene lacoste actually  and his nickname was the crocodile. I think I did know that  or at least now that you explain it to me it make sense  Lacoste is popluar attire for tennis . ya you re right  do you know any soccer facts  thats one sport I never watch haha.European soccer is on before college football and the nfl so I watch it on saturday and sunday mornings  I also watch the MLS  I do not know a ton of trivia though  Do you . well I do know the city that will host the      world cup doesn t exist yet  they have to build the whole city.Qatar  Im going to quit while I am ahead  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_450 Hi there do you like association football .Hi there I actually do  Do you know why it is called soccer in the US .Yeah it is actually just a slang that stuck around.Yeah pretty interesting  Jon Steward used to be a soccer player too.Yeah he represented the US in the panamerican games in Brazil back in the day. Yeah pretty cool  It is a good sport to be in  they make more money than many other sports combined  .Yeah it seems that way  Did you hear that German player donated his earnings from the World Cup . Yeah he helped    little children in Brazil  what a human being.Yeah very heartwarming  Did you know there is a variation of soccer with   teams.Wow that would be interesting to watch  Do they need three goals then .I am curious too  Do you know where the World Cup will take place in      .I know that it is going to be in Qatar but I do not think they have the city ready for it yet.Yeah that is strange indeed  The US men s team got third place once in     .Yeah but after that it was all down  But the women s team is doing pretty well.Yes they have never placed below  rd  so good for them.Yeah they sure are good  THere are no economic gains though for the host countries. And yet they bid to have it there  Hmm does not make much sense  Do you like tennis  . I do   as much as I like polo shirts and we have tennis to thank for that. Yes that is true  Rene Lacoste to be more exact  Glad the other adopted the style too.Yes very true  Do you know how long was the longest match .yes it lasted    hours and they had to stretch it over   days
conversation_451 Hey  Did you watch FIFA World cup the last summer .Hey yeah I caught some of it  I love it because it is an international competition .I m wondering about      in Qatar  They even didn t build city for the final  It s small country actually .Yeah they better get going  They promised air conditioned arenas that would reduce temps by    degrees celsius . But I guess the decision to make it not in the summer       but in low season like February or November  However  there is conflict with major championships  Anyway it would be fun  Do you watch tennis .Yeah I definitely enjoy watching tennis  Back in      they could use anything for a racket that would make it more interesting .Do you know that the longest match in history was    hours or about   days to play  It s incredible   .Wow they must have been exhausted  Whereas the longest point was a     point rally lasting    minutes . I guess if in      they make video how a helicopter is used to dry the glass tennis courts  it is going to be viral everywhere  haha.Oh that is so cool I wanna look that up  Ping pong is like tennis but it isn t the sports name  The sport is actually called table tennis .do you play table tennis .Yes I do it s a fun sport  you  I think it s funny how some people consider grunting before a tennis shot to be cheating . True  I used to play a lot in my school years  but just don t remember when I played the last time  I didn t kniw that Lacoste was invented for tennis players  I was always sure for polo players  but they just adopted it . Yeah same  I never knew the tennis ball was covered with felt  I thought it was a different type of material . I ve read something about it  Anyway despite all  soccer makes much more money that football  basketball  baseball  golf  tennis and hockey combined  I m not surprised  .Yeah it is such a global sport  On average soccer players run   miles per game  No wonder they are in such great shape . Yes  it s quite average for    min game  I honestly say football  not soccer  because I more interested in this sport and all people in the world call it football  It was slang in US and this is why we call it this way .Interesting  Yea I always wondered that  Oddly enough Greenland can t join Fifa because not enough grass grows there .haha  It s nice  They are part of Denmark actually  Do they have enough men for   team  haha.Good question  What s even crazier is the superbowl is smaller than soccers  or football for you   rd biggest event . Yes  I can believe in it  It was nice to chat with you  Have a great day .You too  Have fun watching the next world cup in qatar 
conversation_452 Did you watch the Pacific Rim Uprising movie . Hello there  no I have not see it  is it any good . I did  I thought it was pretty good  the first movie was better though  had more action.I will have to check it out sometime then if I get a chance    Are you a big user of Netflix . I am a big user  I have an account and use it almost every day  mostly after  pm  what about you .No I don t have an account currently   So you are one of those that make up using all that bandwidth during peak hours lol . I am a part of that group  yes  lol  its also YouTubes fault as they together with netflix they take upon half of the internet traffic. Yeah I can totally see that  YouTube is so popular among younger people it s crazy to me  . It is really popular  just like Netflix is  its amazing how the service has     million subscribers around the globe. And that number is still growing  thats so many   But  it is quality stuff  you get access to an insane amount of content  . I agree  you get more than what you pay for  I used to spend a lot of money on rentals and those late fees were a real pain to pay. Yeah I think that is why Hastings started the company in the first place  he was in your same shoes  . Could be  so he must hate Star Wars then  do you like the franchise . Yeah I grew up watching the movies years ago when I was a kid  I still think the ones from the late    s early    s are the best ones   How about you . I do too  I think old movies are the best ones  I love Star Wars personally  I dont like the new movies as much though  . Yeah I m the same way when it comes to that   It is hard to replicate  and I know the Star Wars fans are so hardcore and hard to please as well . Yeah I agree with you  its amazing how much the franchise is worth though     billion dollars  .Yeah that is an insane amount   I wonder how much it was worth back in the      s . I bet not much  at least at the beggining   th Century Fox didnt have much faith in the movie  that lack of faith cost them millions. Yeah they dropped the ball  Disney sure spent a bunch but i m sure it will all pay off in the long run  . They need to improve the movies  have more jedis in them  do you like Transformers . Yeah I agree with that for sure   No  I have only seen about   mins of one of the films   How about you . I like the series  I thought the first movie back in      was the best one though and didt like the The Last Knigh premiered in     .I will have to check that one out sometime then   Well it was nice talking with you today 
conversation_453 Have you ever seen Keeping up with the Kardashians . Yes  I know bits and pieces  I know Kim was born           . Yeah  it s basically just her and her family doing everyday life things  Did you know she named her baby Chicago .I did know  It is a nod to Kanye s hometown and the city is special to K   K  so the name is perfect because baby Chicago was hard to conceive so she is extra special as well .That s a pretty sweet meaning  Did you know Kim used to be Paris Hilton s personal assistant .I did know  That is how she first gained media attention but after her      sex tape was leaked in      she really became popular .That.I know one of my kids used to play the Kim Kardashian app on their phone  I think it came out in      . Sorry about that  I accidentally pressed enter  I haven t used the app  but I have heard of it  She was also in a fall out boy music video  I wonder which song .I did not know she was in a music video  I know after the      sex tape leak she and her family began appearing on E  reality TV show Keeping up With the Kardashians . Yeah  that s a really lucky break for releasing a sex tape  I m pretty sure her mom released it on purpose  .Maybe  I know Kim is on the      Time Magazine s list of     most influential people .She definitely has a lot of influence  She recently met with trump to discuss prison reform . I did not know that  but good for her  I know she also has a book about how she is a trailblazer of the selfie movement . Yeah  she s definitely a busy and hardworking person  Speaking of celebrities  did you know Judge Judy makes          an episode . Holy cow  That is a lot of money  I wonder where she rates on Hollywood s likability  q score   I know Tom Hanks rates a     while Kim s is a      which is hilarious . I ve never heard of a q score  but it sounds really interesting  I think most of the Kardashians are probably not good in relations to likability  .I would have to agree  I know critics and admirers have described her as exemplifying the notion of being famous for being famous . Yeah  she doesn t have a lot of actual talents  Just being wealthy and now famous  They are always coming up with new ways to stay in the spotlight . Yes  I agree  Although she is reported to be the highest paid reality personality of      with her total earnings exceeding     million . Yeah  I guess I would do some silly stuff like that if I was making that much money off of it  It was nice chatting with you 
conversation_454 Have you seen the movie Solaris .No   Do you know anything more about it . I just think the theme is fascinating     the tension arising from floating around a planet  but never landing   Have you felt that way in life .No   I did learn lately that our planet is also called Gaia . Oh  I mean  where you re constantly in flux and you see everyone else with concrete life happening and making progress     and you re not .I read about a planet that orbits   stars   Perhaps that would parallel the concept you are discussing   The direction would be hard to determine . Interesting   I ve heard of dual stars  but this is four   Normally planets just have the one star  so that would be extraordinary .Clearly the universe is amazing   Early humans could study it some since   planets are visible to the naked eye . I don t think I could tell the difference between them   But just imagine having the time and attention to discern that there are five different ones  all without photography . No doubt   Previous generations were intelligent too   As long ago as       the Soviets sent a spacecraft to Venus and mankind saw pictures of the surface . I d say they were smarter   I think the current generation only feels smart because we ve got all this technology and knowledge at our fingertips   So then  we feel like we can fill all our time with comedy .Great point   They created wealth that allows free time in our lifetime   Evan Almighty was a comedy that had a budget of      million .And what else could be done with      million   Probably something much more important . I think that it is neat that it can be done   The      million did not disappear   Cameramen  actors and many others received income from it  It is not as respected as some other genres   It has been    years since a comedy won Best Picture . True   What film was that   For as popular as comedies are  you d think it would not have been so long . I don t know the film   However  The Empire Strikes back was nominated for best comedy in      by the Writers Guild   That is strange . Calling something a comedy when it s not really makes you think about it     have we all been viewing it wrongly   Such organizations sometimes get it wrong  like when  rd Rock from the Sun won for best comedy series over Seinfeld  Friends  and Frasier in      .What do you call  rd Rock   Satire is comedy also . I d call it comedy  satirical for sure  but just not better than Seinfeld .Oh   I agree with you on that   Awards have a political factor in decision making   I saw that Drew Carey did stand up in the Marines for   years before he started making money from comedy .Sometimes it takes while to get it right and then cash in   I m glad some networks like Comedy Central take risks and then cancel shows if they flop   They ve cancelled over     shows in the past three decades .Wow  That is a lot of shows to cancel   We have so many channels now that most shows that are good can find an audience . And enough people willing to explore them all until they find them   If you asked me to watch tv from another country to find something I like  it would take me weeks   Americans seem to just put in that effort on a regular basis .Well   I think I will go now   Enjoyed the talk 
conversation_455 What s up  Are you into pop music  It originated during the mid     s.yes very much so .Until the     s rock and pop were considered the same.right   and do you know that korea has its own k pop band which is the most popular musical group in the country. Yea  Moranbong band I believe .yes thats right  and another cool fact is that the president of indonesia has released   pop albums while in office  . Lol that s nuts  I didn t know Ricky Gervais was a pop singer in the   s  it s hard to imagine.i know   i never would have thought that either . Apparently scientist voted  We are the Champions  as the catchiest pop song  I wonder how they came up with that. im not sure   but they are probably right .I guess they concluded that pop has grown louder and increasingly musically homogeneous since the mid     s.yes and in       CREED ocncert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band  wow  . I don t blame them  I don t much like Creed myself . yes they are    it was great talking to you about music  i loved it   thank you . No problem  Did you know the Ramones played       concerts  That s wild.yes thats pretty wild .Apparently they toured non stop for    years.cool  and did you know that when eddie van halen recorded the guitar solo for Beat it  that he literally set the speakers on fire. Lol  no but that s awesome  Pink Floyd recorded a live concert with no audience.wonder if they were just practicing  . I don t think so  they did it in the ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii . thats really interesting   thank you for the conversation  good bye.See ya.good bye.peace
conversation_456 Hello how are you today . Hello  I am good  How are you   Do you listen to jazz music .I like all music  Did you know jazz originated in the African American communities of New Orleans in the late   th and early    century .i think I did know that   Seems like I ve seen a movie that referenced it   Didn t they combine jazz with some brass band marches or something .It has roots in blues and ragtime   It is now recognized as a major form of musical expression .I m glad   It s world wide now too   Pakistan has a jazz orchestra .Cool jazz actually originated in the     s  It introduced calmer smoother sounds and long linear melodic lines you hear in todays jazz .i like that  There s a lot of good music from the   s .Were you aware that Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast .No I wasn t   i guess going by the characters he plays in movies I just never made the connection .Oh he is a big fan  He even scored several films including million dollar baby  That is a great movie .He did   What instrument does he play .I think he played a few different instruments  There is a woman in Harlem who has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday or over    years .That s cool  I bet she s pretty good to last that long .She occasionally has top performers stop by  I wonder if Clint has ever checked it out .You never know   He s a top performer if he can do a movie score .I just figured it would be something that would interest him  Did you know jazz trumpeters grow out their goatees because it provides comfort while playing their instrument .No lol  I just assumed it was for fashion .So what do you think about Judge Judy making        dollars per episode  I heard she retired not to long ago . That surprises me  I mean  i m shocked she made so much money and that she retired .She was the highest paid celebrity behind Lebron James  I cant believe she made that much . I can t either   I knew her show was popular but not that popular   Well  I ve got to go for now   It s been nice chatting with you   Have a great day 
conversation_457 Hey did you know that Queen s guitarist has a PHD in astrophysics  thats crazy. Wow   That s cool   Much cooler than   say  playing the accordion    . Do you play any instruments  I gave up videogames and started playing the piano a couple years ago  and I haven t looked back since haha. No  unless you count an mp  player   I do love music except of stuff like accordions   I definitely wouldn t pay     a ticket for that kind of music . No  and it s shocking that a creed concert was so bad that people filed a lawsuit against them  on the other hand I don t really like creed so I m not that surprised haha. Wow  they must have been really buzzed   I don t know if Creed is considered pop but I mostly like alternative and stuff off the beaten path   You . I really like classic rock and    s  I can listen to almost anything except country  I do like pink floyd a lot and that s awesome they did a live concert to no audience haha.I do like   s stuff like REM and the B  s    I even go back further once in a while and listed to Pink Floyd as recorded on a floating recording studio . ha I would love to do that  I do like Queen  I didn t know their guitarist uses coins as guitar picks  did you see the new movie that came out about Queen . Loved Freddie and his band    I haven t seen the movie yet but want to    Did ya know that scientists declared  We Are the Champions  the catchiest pop song of all time   Scientists . haha like how do you measure that  It is catchy but I would think it would be another song  ti s scary that lincoln park has done     concerts in       that s almost   per day that sounds exhausting.Yep   That s crazy   They must like doing it cause that has to take its toll   I guess performers like that go all the way back to ancient Greece and Rome   We still use their acoustic designs for venues amphitheaters . Yes that is probably why Pink Floyd played the live concert in that Roman amphitheater  even though there was no one their the acoustics must have been amazing  it s shocking they didn t record a video at least.No kidding    I would like to see that   Pink Floyd is very creative but on the dark side   While I m not big on pop at least it s mostly upbeat albeit mind numbing   . ya it is  pop music is good in small quantities for me  I like more complex stuff but pop music is good to pass the time and for parties. Yeah    I prefer guitars and amped up stuff to most R B  rap and hip hop . I can t believe that the Ramones played a total of       concerts so far that is a massive number . Yeah  makes ya wanna get sedated huh   That s cool    Can t believe Eddie Van Halen set speakers on fire    Something tells me there s more to it that his playing like maybe he had it turned up to     . Ya see that is awesome  I can t believe teh president of indonesia has released   pop albums  I want to see trump release an album just to hear what that would sound like haha.Something tells me that Trump singing may be accompanied by an accordian . haha ya I wonder what instrument he would play  did you know that Ricky Gervais was a pop singer in the    s . No  don t even know who he is  I thought it was weird that the CIA sponsored a music event  Coupe Mondiale  .That is wild 
conversation_458  Hello   do you know much about cinematography . Not really  I m an avid movie watcher  I have heard of Roger Deakins who constantly is getting nominated for awards . Oh ok   I havent heard of him  Thats great though   hes been nomiated  times  .Do you like visiting D C    They have over     restaurants and a Summer Restaurant Week .I have never been there  I did read that recently   Did you know no woman has ever been nominated for the academy award for best cinematography .That will probably change soon   I didn t know Stanley Kubrick was involved with Spartacus .Me either   do you like comedy .Yes   I can t believe the Green Lantern was going to be a comedy with Jack Black .Yeah thats weird   Not sure it woldve made it better though lol. Couldn t have hurt much     I was surprised to know that the Python programming language was  in part  named after Monty Python  . Yeah thought that might have been a coincidence   I guess comedy central has not been doing great   It has cancelled over  shows . That or they re picky   Bill Murray isn t so picky   He thought the  Kung Fu Hustle  was super great  .It was a great movie .I am an amatuer astonomer and Jupiter s moon Ganymede fascinates me since it is big enough to be a planet .That is really big .Another one is that Uranus is actually rotating on its side   Many think it was involved in a major collision . Oh thats interesting   and the accident threw it off axis   If it rotates on its side   does that mean there is an area that doesnt get any sun . Yeah  the sunlight is in weird time patterns on the poles  I guess the building blocks of life  e g   RNA  have been detected on a planetary system     light years away  .Do you know what planet it is where shards of glass rain sideways in      degress fahrenheit .I would guess one of the outer ice planets   probably Neptune   Venus doesn t have seasons or that kind of wind . interesting   thanks   .Thank you   You were a great chat partner 
conversation_459  Hey  how s it going  Are you a fan of Phil Collins at all . Yea Phil Collins is a pretty good singer  I never knew he was in the beatles movie  A Hard Day s Night . Yeah I liked Genesis in particular  back when he was paired up with Peter Gabriel  Though they ve both had solid solo careers . Yea  it s crazy Collins sold     million in Genesis and as a solo act.Do you have a favorite song from Phil Collins or Genesis . I really like the      hit  Against All Odds .I m a big fan of Invisible Touch  That was after Peter Gabriel left and it more just Phil Collins leading the way  Right before he went solo . Yea   In the Air Tonight is also a great song  it s cool that Collins    year son gets to play concerts with his dad.Are you more a fan of pop or rock music .Probably Rock music but they were basically the same thing until the late     s.Did you know Rick Gervais was a pop singer in the    s  I can t picture it lol. No  that s pretty funny  In Japan they have       cgi pop stars.Pop music is huge in Asia  Especially k pop  I think there s a boy band from Korea even going around in the US now.I wonder if their songs use the same   chords as most pop hits in the US.I bet it does  Do you remember that band Creed  Man they were awful . Yea they were  they sounded much worse than the   chords always used in pop songs.Apparently once they were so bad that four of the people that attended a concert sued them for being bad .Lol that s pretty funny  Did you know Deep Purple broke the record for the loudest concert . Nope  that s pretty cool  Loved that song Smoke on the Water .Yea it s a great song  It s weird Abba turned down   billion dollars to do a reunion tour.That is weird  It was nice chatting with you 
conversation_460 Are you a fan of pop music .i do like pop music  You . I love it  it became popular in the states around the   s right .i guess  i dont know what the definition of pop music is  i figure there must have been stuff in the   s too .Do you have a favorite pop artist . i dont  but recently i was listening to xtc  they did an album called oranges and lemons .He did  one of my favorites is Rikey Gerwais he used to be a big deal back in the   s.i did not know that he did pop music  i thought he was a comedian . He was a pop singer in the   s really talented in fact  pop music has grown a lot louder since the   s.it sure has  the amplification systems have improved substantially . It has  my favorite pop song is We Are the Champions and its actually voted as the catchiest song by a group of scientists. yeah  have you seen the movie about queen  that song shows up  it sure is catchy . I did watch that movie  thought it was really cool  liked it  alot.it was a fun film  Rami won an oscar for his performance  i wish i had seen queen in concert . I think Remi diserved it  he nailed the role and I wish that too  have you been to any great concerts lately .no i have not  no money for it  i used to go quite frequently when i was younger .Did you ever go to a Ramones concert .i wish i had  those guys were always touring  i missed my chance . I missed mine too and also the chance to watch Linkin Park live  they performed     concerts in      alone. those kids were great  that is an insane effort on their part  i wish i had seen them  too  Anyway  great chat . Really hard    concert per day  the toll it must have taken on them and I agree its been a great chat  thanks a lot  
conversation_461 I am not a super Phil Collins fan are you . Hello there  I am not but he does have a few good songs  .He has done a lot of stuff  I am more of a Mick Jagger person  I think the era of mega stars like that is over  Too bad . Yeah Mick was awesome  the Stones had so many great hits over the years   I can t believe they still tour   That is impressive .He is my age and I can t even get out of bed in the morning  He s a marvel . Lol  yeah and their shows are like   hrs i m pretty sure  that is so nuts   Do you attend many concerts these days .Not now too expensive  The first time I saw Led Zeppelin was at a place called The Boston Tea Party  They had just come to America and no one knew who they were  It was a small Club so I got to see them up close . That is awesome  they were one of the best ever  very jealous of you   .I saw a lot of people there  Andy Warhol was a sponsor  I think I liked BB King the best  But I don t remember Phil Collins . Wow  that sounds like an amazing time   BB King would be awesome to see as well   I have only been to smaller bands  I did see Radiohead play though  that was pretty cool  but to be honest I mainly went to see the opening band .It was easy to see everyone in the Sixties  Tickets were cheap and a lot of people played on the Boston Common  Judy Colling and Joan Baez used to sit on the sidewalk in front of the Harvard Coop and play for free . Wow  that is so awesome  most of the music I listen to comes from the    s  I would have done anything to see Marc Bolan or Syd Barrett perform live  .I like Pink Floyd  I don t see that We are the Champions is the catchiest tune ever  That makes no sense .Good call  Yeah I don t agree with that at all   There are plenty more catchy tunes from the    s and    s I would say .I would have liked to see Pink Floyd in a Roman Amphitheater  I bet the sound was really good . Yeah that would have been cool  so many concerts over the years that would have been amazing to attend  .I used to like the music really loud but I saw Led Zeppelin  after they got to be famous  at the Boston Garden and it was too loud  Ever one lit little candles you couldn t do that now  The Fire Marshall would have a heart attack  lol. Yeah imagine them trying to do things like that now  no way   So  be glad you got to experience it like that I would say  .Everyone was friendly and there was no trouble  Can you imagine . Yeah exactly  now days there are always people to ruin everything  and it can t just be fun and simple anymore  .You are right  Sad but true  Nice talking to you . Yeah same here  hope you have a good day  
conversation_462 Hi There  Do you like movies . I like movies  it is a form of art    . This is interesting  Even though spartacus had a cinematographer  stanley kubrick took the camera away from him and did it himself  . You have to do it yourself  he was very talented  I saw some of his films  but never Spartacus  is it good   . It is  But this is interesting too  even though he did almost none of the work  when spartacus got the academy award for best cinematography  it went to the credited cinematographer  and not kubrick . Probably  some kind of union thing  like he was not an official cinematographer   I wonder if they gave him something for it  .Thats a good question  No woman has ever been nominated for the academy award for best cinematography .I guess it is because there is not many female cinematographer because they would not hire them  Sexism still exist .That is terrible  A woman has never even been nominated . Yeah  do you see movies made by a woman  . I haven t paid attention to that  I ll have to now  Cinematographer roger deakins has been nominated    times for the best cinematography oscar  and has never won . He was good but not enough  did he do any comedies   I like those kind of film  . I don t think he did  Do you like Bill murray  Bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is  the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy  . I like Bill Murray  Chinese comedies can be really funny  But I never saw kung fu hustle  Did you  . no  not my type of movie  I do like Jack black though  The green lantern film was originally going to be a comedy starring jack black. That would have changed the tone of the movie  he is very slapstick  . Some of his stuff is good  Some bad  Did you watch  rd rock from the sun  . I did when I was young  it was good but not memorable  not like Seinfeld  .  rd rock from the sun won the golden globe for best comedy series in       beating seinfeld  friends  and frasier . That is surprising and not surprising at the same time  we don t know what will stand the test of time  disco was not forever  .True  Wow  Comedy central has cancelled over     shows since its creation in     .You have to try new thing and not be afraid to admit your mistakes  Comedy central would have been bankrupt if they continued to produce those     unfunny shows . True  I learned this the other day  The creator of the python programming language named it partly to honor british comedy group monty python. Do you like Monty Python   I like absurd comedy  so I like them . Not really  I never really understood it .Don t worry I don t think I would find funny an ancient greek comedy  Everyone has his own tastes .Very true  Do you know anything about plantes .I don t know I know we live on Earth  have a good day .you too 
conversation_463 Do you enjoy music .Yes  I love Jazz music but I also have a love for Kanye West songs . Jazz is amazing  I love how it maintained its core essence  yet amalgamated with local musical culture to generate countless distinct styles. Yes  I listen to it every night when I eat dinner  I have really gotten into Modal jazz  Most people like Jazz rock  but I m more of a      s guy . I think all you mentioned are great  but personally I enjoy how cool jazz has developed.Are there any particular cool jazz groups you like . Not in particular  but I do enjoy the calmer smoother sounds and linear melodic lines  Looking at jazz overall  my favorite probably would be frank sinatra.Kanye West often compares himself as the modern day Frank Sinatra . I will admit both made their mark on music  but I like Sinatra more. Do you see yourself jealous of Kanye s success  I sometimes do  He has Kim Kardashian  hot and a money maker . Well I won t deny I would desire money and success  however  their lives of living under the microscope and being stalked by paparazzi sounds too stressful.Even if you get all the tea s in the world  I guess it s bad for their children who have to be subjected to the awful names and filmed  I can t believe they named their child Chicago .I don t think that is too bad  I know a family whose last name is trout so the father named his sons red and brown. Were their English limited or do they have some psychological problems     Do they not understand the damage they can cause the children  These odd baby names  although originated from somewhere is really bad for the kids . They said that it was terrible when young  but very helpful when they became adults since everyone remembered them positively  I think it s better than hashtag.I guess so  The kid can build character based on these names nick names .There are also a lot of people trying to name their children after celebrities or characters in films like rocky. I wish i had Celebrity income  Judge judy makes          per episode .True  I mean Kim Kardashian had earnings of    million to date. I would also get special access  did you know pixar studio has a secret room visited often by celebrities . That s cool I wonder what is inside  In any case  thank you for the amazing chat 
conversation_464 I just read a section on comedy which states that the python program was partly named after Monty Python  I love how they did that .Yeah the programming language I think is what you mean  Classic comedy  Kung Fu Hustle is a brilliant comedy also . I ve actually never seen it  whats it about  .It s a wacky cartoony slapstick comedy  Bill Murray loves the movie too . i ll add it to my list of movies to watch  Bill Murray is such a great comedian  unfortunately I don t think he s been in movies as of late  Green lantern is on my list of movies to watch too  weird to think that it was initially going to be a comedy.Yeah I think Jack Black was supposed to star  Hard to believe that  rd Rock beat Seinfeld for best comedy in     at the golden globes. I ve actually never even seen an episode of  rd rock  Seinfeld was revolutionary  are you more of a Seinfeld or Friends fan .Seinfeld by far  Friends doesn t hold up very well for me  I wonder if it would have been one of the     shows Comedy Central cancelled over the years if it had been on that channel  You  Friends or Seinfeld .perhaps  I m actually more of a Friends fan myself lol  It s interesting how much tv shows and movies have changed over the years  Even just through more advanced filming abilities and styles  Shout out to James Wong for pioneering the use of wide angle lenses amongst other things.He was quite the pioneer despite the racism . he had a lot to overcome and still won an Oscar  I ve read in other articles that the Oscars are pretty racist too  not recognizing talented individuals due to their race  . There are definitely some problems  A woman has never won best cinematographer  or even been nominated .that s some crazy stuff  It even must be frustrating with Roger Daekins for being nominated    times and never having won.And the guy who was supposed to be the cinematographer for Spartacus didn t actually do the work and won the academy award .I d be pretty angry if that happened to me lol  Have you heard of Gavin Free before reading about him .Yeah he did slo mo cinematography on Hot Fuzz . interesting  Hot Fuzz was a good movie  I thoroughly enjoy comedies.Yeah it was  Comedy is a great art form  It all started back in ancient Athens . Its interesting how the change of definition of  planet  meant that Pluto was no longer a planet  .I m still bitter about that  I never want to visit the one that rains shards of glass at     mph .thats such an unusual characteristic of a planet  Sounds like complete chaos there lol AND it s      degrees farenheit  insane .Maybe we ll make it to Ganymede someday  It s a Jupiter moon big enough to be a planet   Cya .thanks for the conversation .Sure .bye 
conversation_465 Do you happen to enjoy pop music . I do  I like Queen myself  Did you know that it s been scientifically proven that  We Are The Champions  is the catchiest pop song of all time .I did not but I love Queen  Are you familiar with K pop .I m kind of familiar with it .Me too  There are several songs that stick in my head It s catchy  There is a K pop band called Moranbong Band that is the most popular music group in the country  I am not familiar with their music . I ve never heard of them before  I heard that rejection letters from Sub Pop Records to aspiring artists start with  Dear loser   That s kind of disheartening .Wow  I new they were an edgy company but that s harsh  Did you know that Ricky Gervais was a pop singer in the    s  I cannot picture that .I ve heard that and I can t believe it  I m glad he stuck with comedy instead of that .Me too  Do you like to attend concerts . I do  I m actually attending one next weekend  I wish I could have been at the Foo Fighters concert that was so loud it showed up on New Zealand s seismic monitors .I didn t know that happened  I do love the Foo Fighters though  Did you know that in      Linkin Park played     concerts because their album was so successful . Oh wow  that s alot of concerts  That album is one of my favorites  Have you heard about Deep Purple breaking the record for the loudest concert in       Three audience members were rendered unconscious . I did not  That seems excessive to me  I m surprised Deep Purple would be the ones to play a concert that loud  Did you know that The Ramones played       concerts over the span of their career .That s a lot of concerts  Wow  Did you know that Abba turned down    BILLION to do a     concert reunion tour .I did not  Wow  They must still have a lot of money saved to be able to turn that down  I don t like to laugh at the misfortune of others but I find it amusing that concert attendees filed a lawsuit against Creed because their concert was so bad .That is pretty funny  It must have been towards then end of Creed .I would assume so  I also recently learned that Pink Floyd held a concert in      with no audience  I wonder why they did that . Oh wow  that s kind of odd  I heard that in      Lou Reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs  I m sure they enjoyed it  .Lou Reed is a weird guy so I m not that surprised  There is an ancient Roman amphitheater in Croatia that is used as a concert venue  I bet that would be amazing .That would be an amazing experience seeing a band playing there .It would leave you with a story to tell for sure  I would take so many pictures 
conversation_466  Hello   do you know much about celebrities .Yes I do  What about you .No I dont know much lol there are too many celebrities . Yep  I know about the Kardashian family and Kanye  They are always up to something  .Did you know that Pixar studios has a secret room for only celebrities .No I did not know that until I read these articles  The favors celebrities get bothers me . Yeah seriously   kinda ridiculous   Also   how much they get paid   I feel like actors and actresses dont even do the hardest work   all the editing and music and stuff seems like way more work lol. I agree  Kim Kardashian earned     million in       Judge Judy earns          per tv episode   just mind blowing  There are people out there going to bed without food  .I really dislike that whole Kardashian family  I think  it is ridiculous how much money they make and they dont really seem to earn it   I think I saw one episode where the younger one wants to buy a house and doesn t even know what credit is . lol  they are socialites and the media has elevated them  Just revealing their   rd child s name   Chicago blew up social media  . Yeah it s crazy   and all their businesses are completely run by other people  They act like they are so stressed all the time  .How about a Harlem woman who has held a Jazz concert in her apartment every Sunday for    years    crazy.Thats pretty awesome   Im sure the clean up is pretty bad to have to clean your apartment every sunday lol.Yep  and top performers occassionally stop by . That  nice   do you like jazz   who is your favorite artist .I really don t care for it  Tony Bennett impresses me .Jazz trumpeters grew goatees because it provides comfort .lol  What do you think of people who use surrogate mothers . I think its a great idea   it creates options for people who cant or dont want to carry a baby  what do you think of it .I agree  It is humanity at its best .Been good chatting 
conversation_467 Hello do you like pop music . I do like pop music  I also like accordions though  did you hear about the big accordion Festival that is happening in Virginia .I didn t   Could you tell me more about it . Yes it takes place in Falls Church  Virginia and there are going to be about a hundred and fifty people celebrating with accordions there.That would be interesting to see   Did it have anything to do with the   th anniversary of the American Accordionists Association . Yes I think so  And that one of the people among them is Lou Coppola  he s been doing this and playing the accordion for about    years now.Where is he from . He s originally from Bridgeport  Connecticut  speaking of music though what kind of pop music do you like.I like all kinds   I grew up in the    s so that pop music era is my favorite   I was surprised to find out that the actor Ricky Gervais was a pop singer in the   s . Yeah that is shocking  It s also shocking that scientists determined the queen song  We Are the Champions  to be the catchiest song of all time LOL.lol That is funny   I remember hearing that song so much at sports games while I was growing up   The president of Indonesia has released   pop albums while in office  I wonder if they were any good  lol. Wonder if one of those is the catchiest song of all time LOL I would guess not  did you know that North Korea has a K pop girl band  And it is the most popular group in the country .LOL You re probably right  hahaha  Do you like going to concerts . Yes I do like concerts  One of my favorite concerts I wish I could have gone to was Pink Floyd  what about you.I love going to concerts   Used to go to tons of them back in the day when they were more affordable and played in areas that were easy for me to go to   Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at an ancient Roman amphitheater in Pompeii with no audience  lol Wonder why they did that .Yeah I hope they recorded that it s probably an amazing concert haha  What do you think about Creed though  They were sued because their concerts were so bad back in     . That must have been a really really bad show  lol  The Ramones played a lot of shows over a    year span   a total of       shows . It is a lot of shows   I do think that Lincoln Park is more impressive though  they did     concerts in only one year. Wow   That is alot   In Croatia  there is an ancient Roman amphitheatre that is still used for concerts   That would be cool to see a show in a setting like that   . I agree with you  I want to see some guitar playing in that Amphitheatre haha  Have you ever learn to play the guitar.I used to play but wan t good   lol  Brian May from Queen uses coins as guitar picks   That s unique .That is really cool  Also cool is that Van Halen actually set a speaker on fire when he was playing a guitar solo LOL that s so metal
conversation_468 Do you tend to follow elections in the country . Yes I plan to  it heard to decide who to vote for  I almost gave up on voting at one point .I know how that feels  sometimes it seems like there s no good option  I can see why voter turnout has been under     in the past hundred years . Yes that s true  are you plan to vote in next election . I try to vote every time  I missed the first election when I was eligible  but the last presidential election was very interesting  so I try to research and vote every time now .Not being personal but do you that your entire voting was negative and no positive with the president .I definitely felt like I was voting against someone more than I was voting for someone  Was that how you felt too . Well  I felt a little like that  My main concern is that I knew this country is going down hill with killing  drugs  rich  poor  I just wanted a change . That s how I felt too  I think the influence of the media was a major factor  According to actual rates  it s safer than it ever was in the past  but we re able to hear about so much more . Yes  you are right and nothing to very little is been done about it  We really need a strong and respectful leader . Most of all we need a leader that can unify us  Elections seem so polarized lately that it will be hard to find one  though  Nobody wins if they campaign as a compromiser . That s true  but it doesn t matter what kind of president we get  he or she will not satisfy everyone  so that s why I always say do what best for our country  this is just my opinion  . I agree with you completely  and I appreciate the way you say it in a respectful and nonpartisan manner  The best for the country is something that everyone should strive for . That s true such as jobs  health Insurance and so many other things   I thinks a leader like that will be hard to find . The difficult part is that everyone has their own idea of what s best for the country  and sometimes the politicians they agree with don t fulfill their promises . You are right  since I was voting  Presidents speak of good things that people want to hear and after   years nothing change and this was going on for years . I think it would help to get some new faces in politics and reform some of the systems that may have worked decades ago  but aren t as functional in modern times . Did you know since       the tallest candidate has won us presidential election     of the time  . In that case  maybe the next candidates should invest in some stilts . Hahaha  you are right  voters turnout for president election hasn t breached       in the last     years .Hopefully elections will take a turn to inspire people to vote more  It was good talking to you and finding a like mind about things 
conversation_469 Have you ever heard of the civil rights lawyer Michael Trister . No  was he black . That is my understanding  I believe he was forced from professorship in the late sixties  probably because he was black . oh ok  how about john macain  he was a jeopardy contestant in      . He was  I wonder how he did   With the length of that show  and it s weekly showing there must be lots of now famous people that have been on it . probably  he also made a cameo in the movie wedding crashers. Interesting that if you are born around the Panama canal you can be American  do we lease or own the land for the canal   I know we pretty much built it . not sure  mccains mom is still alive and took race car driving classes in her late    s . They sound like an adventurous family  he must have got his courage from his mom . yeah  speaking of politics  voter turnout for presidential elections has not breached     in the last     years. That s kind of sad  people can t complain if they don t vote   In some countries  Australia for instance  you get fined for not voting . interesting  neveda is the only state that has  none of these candidates  voting option for pres elections.Do they keep a tally of how many times people check that   I wonder what they d do if that got the most checks . i wonder  and what if all the states had that option . The lawyers would have a field day  remember all that fuss in      with the hanging chads   If every State had none of the above win it would be chaos . definitely  funny fact  the taller presidential candidate has one     of the time since     . I m six four  maybe I missed my calling  I could have been president   My height comes in useful at concerts  people are always complaining about me when I stand in front of them . funny  and who would think of keeping that data. There s always someone keeping track of data  just ask Facebook   Maybe one day out elections will be done over Facebook  it sounds like it has a higher participation rate than Presidential elections . ha true  nice chatting. Have a good evening   Have a good day   Have a good morning   Or as they do in Nevada  none of the above   Bye
conversation_470 Hey . Hello there  how are you doing  Do you attend many concerts these days . I am great  I haven t been to a concert in awhile  but have been to a lot in my life  How about you . Yeah I am the same way  I haven t been for a few years but used to go all the time   What would you say is your favorite ever . I would have to say Pink Floyd  or Linkin Park  there is so many  . That is awesome  I am a big Pink Floyd fan  well I kinda am  of their first album   But any concert that they ever played would be really cool to attend  . Yes  they have the best shows that I have seen  Aerosmith puts on a great concert too . That sounds good as well   I really like the Apples in Stereo  they put on a good show   Radiohead was really good as well  although I really went to see the opening band  thats sad but true  . I love Radihead  who was the opening band at that concert . Yeah they are awesome  and I wasn t aware of how little they toured   But I really wanted to see Steve Malkmus and the Jicks  . Oh wow  I haven t heard of them  I hope you enjoyed that concert though  . Yeah it was really good  I was in high school  I remember my friend and I went together  it was awesome  Alpine Valley in Wisconsin  .Cool  I have enjoyed every concert I have ever been to  I heard that there was a lawsuit against the band Creed for the show being so bad lol    I wonder how that worked out . Yeah that is so lame to me   If you don t like it  then you learn your lesson and don t buy any more tickets to any more concerts  . Exactly  So do you ever go vote in the elections at all  Pretty sad John Mccain passed away but he went through a lot  so many people died in       . Yeah there were a lot of good people who died this past year   And yeah I do  did you know the voter turnout for US presidential elections hasn t gone over     in the last     years  .Really  That s it  more people need to get in to these elections because every vote counts . Yeah isn t that crazy  that seems way to low to even be true but it is  . Kind of sad really  I also heard that Michael Trister  civil rights lawyer died  a few people that did a lot of good have been passing lately  . Yeah that is sad as well   Here is a really weird fact  did you know that just under the last     years  the taller presidential candidate has won     of the time   Better start making that bet in vegas . Really  Haha  that s odd  I have a funny fact   John McCains mom    took race car driving classes and she is in her   s  . That is super funny  I wonder what the fastest she ever drove was  legally or illegally  .I don t know how fast she went but being in her   s she must have wanted to drive a race car really bad lol   no time like the present      It has been great chatting . Yeah right  and yeah same here  I hope you have a good night  
conversation_471 did you know that john mccain was once on jeopardy     .No I didn t know about that  Have you ever heard of Michael Trister by the way  He was a civil rights lawyer and died recently. yes  pancreatic cancer  he did a lot of work with desegregation  . Yes he sounds like a great guy  also he lived until he was     which is a good life I think.i loved that he was a lawyer for planned parenthood and unions too . He also helped a lot of people  for instance he created guidelines about lobbying and what each other s about election Law and Order to do the best job for advocating for the different causes.yep  and he did so much worked with Mississippi Center for Justice  they do so much work opposing racial and economic injustices . Back to John McCain no  did you know that he voted against a Federal holiday for Martin Luther King.I did  he had some problematic votes and opinions while he was serving as a senator   i think he is also one of the few senators to cameo in a movie . Yes you re right he made a cameo in that movie Wedding Crashers  I always thought that movie was pretty funny. i wonder how many people voted the  none of these candidates  option when he ran on the nevada ticket  .Yeah I wondered about that too  I probably would not use it myself because I would just vote for someone that I liked  Did you know with John McCain that you was actually born in the Panama Canal Zone.was his father in the military as well . Yes I think he was  He also had a media reputation for being called a Maverick .i recall that was a big part of the      elections where obama prevailed .Yep I think you re right  He was actually a former military officer and served as a US senator from      until he died in     .in the current turmoil it stung to lose an unlikely semi ally  in ancient athens there werent elections cause they thought it would lead to oligarchy  they did it by a lottery system  imagine that. Yeah I don t know about using a lottery system that sounds very dumb to me  but it is interesting that     of the time the taller candidate will win the presidential election.thats an observation for sure  i wonder how that would change with voter reform and fairer votes in the electoral college . Yes I m not sure  but it is an interesting statistic  what are your thoughts on the fact that in      us International election observers were banned from viewing the polls in   US states.I think it is weird . Yes I wonder why that happened  it also makes me sad that our elections max out at     turnout that seems low
conversation_472 Are you a big google user . Yes  regularly use Google to do searches  You .I use that and bing so I can earn some amazon gift cards .How does the gift card thing work .Look up bing rewards   You earn points for doing searches but they have a limit on the amount you can earn each day   Did you know that google was created over    years ago already in      .Yes  Wish I d invested in Google stock when they made      public offering .Oh yeah   A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send men to the moon . Right  Mind boggling  but shows advancements in tech  svcs  and products  doesn t it .Yes   Google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast android devices are moving on the road   That s pretty mind boggling too   So they are pretty much tracking cell phones and using some of the data for that   Interesting . Well said  Did you know that if you wanted  say  to find a location in the disputed region of Kashmir  Google would show you only the map of the claims of the country  India or Pakistan  where the browser you re using is located .I didn t know that before but now I do   Thanks   Do you remember when Google went down for about   minutes on Aug    th      and took    percent of the web traffic with it   I don t remember it . Me  either  but I do know that internet companies like Google  or Amazon  use tech that is often beyond my comprehension   Do you suppose that s the point  really .It might be   I m a big Amazon customer   Are you . In the past few years  have ordered books and supplies from Amazon  yes  They have   almost anything  don t they .Yes   I have Prime and we got rid of the cable because the video streaming service for Prime is worth the price of Prime every year . Heard that streaming is great  and that Amazon is producing original fillms and TV shows  My fav  is The Grand Tour .My kids like the Grand Tour   Amazon now will even deliver your packages on Sundays because they have a contract with the US post office for the delivery service . Convenient  too  If we lived in China  the giant e commerce co  would be Alibaba  Did you know its founder was turned down by Harvard   Yale as an under grad  student  Think they re sorry  now . I didn t know that   I bet they are   Jeff Bezos has made so much money off of Amazon that he built a clock into a mountain that should run for        years . Far out   in time  that is  Brilliant guy  though  Has vision  Even named a building on Amazon s Seattle campus after his  st Amazon customer  Why not .That is neat   IMDB is also owned by Amazon since      . Yes  Whether it s Amazon  big  powerful warriors  or Alibaba  magical  the AI these giants employ is beyond me  How about you .AI scares me   lol  I don t trust it   It s been a good chat . Enjoyed your comments  thanks  Cheers .Have a good day   Thanks as well 
conversation_473 Do you like the piano .I love the piano   I am not able to play well though .I took lesson but dropped out  Its been around since     .There are pianos everywhere   There was even one on the Hindenburg . Wow  thats nuts   Did you know there are aluminum pianos .I heard they weigh     pounds   Seems like a lot but pretty light for a piano .Yes for airships . I wonder if those are also at the top of mountains  like the one in Britain .I heard about that in      when climbers found it.I wonder how it got there   I mean it is not like they are small   .Had to be helicoptered up I am sure . Definitely not carrying that up in my pack  even if my girlfriend insists on taking it with us .Amazing sound though from strings being struck by hammers . Yeah  tons of intricate parts   Did you hear that Freddie Mercury and Paul McCartney both recorded some of their famous music on the same piano . Yes  hey jude was performed and recorded with that piano. Such talented musicians  the both of them   I would have loved to see Freddie in concert .Yes nothing like live music in front of an audience . Not like the one concert Pink Floyd recorded Live  no audience . Wow  at the amphitheater I hear   .In Pompeii at that   How cool . Yes  that is right   Great chat  have a good night .You too 
conversation_474  Hi  do you use Amazon . Hi  are you interested in Google  Amazon  or Artificial Intelligence .All three of those actually  They are two of the biggest innovators we have and one of the most interesting scientific fields . Yes  I agree  I really enjoy AI although all three of these topics are probably so interrelated that we don t realize it  Artificial Intelligence  AI  is sometimes called machine intelligence  which is actually demonstrated by the machines  in contrast to human intelligence .Yes it is amazing what we can hopefully apply AI to in the future  It can really help out with some difficult tasks .I took Computer Science in college and it is defined as the study of  intelligent agents  or any device that perceives the environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of successfully achieving its goals . I only took a basic Computer Science course  we never delved into Artificial Intelligence  I don t know too much about it besides some basic reading . I learned some stuff in Master s level courses and colloquially  the term  artificial intelligence  is applied when a machine mimics  cognitive functions  that humans associate with other human minds such as  learning  and  problem solving  .What do you think the biggest priority should be in the application of Artificial Intelligence . Actually  the scope of AI is disputed as machines become increasingly capable  tasks considered as requiring  intelligence  are often removed from the definition  a phenomenon known as the AI effect  leading to the quip in Teslar s Theorem   AI is whatever hasn t been done yet  . I know some people are afraid of AI and think machines will become too self aware  I don t think we will ever run into that problem  science fiction has made people too paranoid .I totally agree with that since machines are run on computer programs that humans wrote   Modern machine capabilities generally classified as AI include successfully understanding human speech and competing at the highest level in strategic game systems such as chess and Go . I know I have lost my fair share of chess games to a computer  I even saw a computer compete at very high levels at Jeopardy  It only slipped up when questions were worded somewhat ambiguously . Yes  computers could NEVER actually think like humans can although they can autonomously operate cars  provide intelligent routing in content delivery networks and military simulations .Yes they can really help us out when the task is something that lends itself to automation but not when there are moral or ethical complications .Very true  Did you know that Stanford s free AI class uses Google plus Hangouts to help them teach more effectively . I did not know that  I have used Google Hangouts for interviews and meetings  We even used it once for a fantasy football draft that a lot of people couldn t attend in person .Awesome use of it  Did you know that there is a non profit organization for the advancement of Artificial Intelligence . That s great  it s an area that we should definitely fund as there are a lot of great applications of the technology  Just the medical field alone could immensely benefit from it . I agree  even Facebook is developing an AI designed to understand user emotions  identify objects in photos  and predict user actions .Facebook may be the one company I don t trust with AI after all their recent data scandals  It was very interesting to chat AI with you and I definitely learned a few new things .Nice chatting with you as well 
conversation_475 Its crazy how Google and Amazon have grown.It s hard to even believe Google has been around for over twenty years . I know right  seems like its been around forever. And Amazon has been around even longer  since      . Its a long time  Amazon started as an online bookstore right . Yes  but now it s largest Internet retailer in the world . It is  it sells everything from books to groceries to pet supplies you name it  I love the company.It also sells low end and affordable products under its own brand called AmazonBasics .Have you tried the Amazon Basics products . Sure  I used Amazon for practically everything  but I also used Google  I guess I m not alone because when Google went down for about five minutes in           of the web traffic went down with it . I love Google as well  you know it was founded by two PHD students in Standford University. Yeah  and together they own    percent of the company  and control about     of the stockholder voting power . I thought they owned a bigger percentage of the company  I heard the company wants to reoganize some of its interests in a company called Alphabet Inc. Yes  they actually announced that several years ago  Most recently  Larry Page was removed as the CEO of Google and is now the CEO of Alphabet . A guess that makes sense  Google is a big company and it must have more than one CEO for different divisions  have you ever used the Maps app . Yeah  it s interesting how they determine the borders of countries with disputed borders . I agree  interesting and they also calculate traffic using android devices that are in movement on the road  thats just genius and bit invasive. Definitely  though everything is invasive these days  so what are you going to do  Did you know it takes more computing power for a Google search than it did for Neil Armstrong to go to the moon  That s insane . Yeah if you have nothing to hide then theres nothing to worry about right  and no I didnt know that  thats an amazing fact. They care a little about the environment  I imagine  too  Once  they hired hundreds of goats to mow the laws at Googeplex instead of people .Thats an efficient way to get things done lol. Yeah  they re located in California  unsurprisingly since its founders went to school there 
conversation_476  Hello there  do you use Amazon much .Hey yeah I love Amazon use it all the time  Hard to believe amazon workers walk between   and    miles each day . Yeah I use it quite a bit myself  and it is hard to believe  I would think no more than   or    .Yea that seems more accurate  Also I was interested to know IMDB is owned by Amazon . Yeah I didn t know that about them  I wonder how many other things they own .Yeah good question  I respect Bezos though  He built the largest internet retailer in the world all the way back in      . Yeah Bezos is a great businessman   Did you know he built a clock into a mountain that will run for        years . Whoa I would like to see that  The Amazon contract with USPS must explain how they are able to deliver packages so fast  even on Sundays .Yeah I wonder how the postal employees felt when they learned that Sundays are no longer off days for all .Yeah I bet that didn t go over so well  But only a matter of time until Artificial Intelligence will start delivering for Amazon  There is even a non profit organization for the advancement of AI . I think I read that  I wonder who funds that kind of organization . Yeah good question I m not sure  AI is definitely good at solving puzzles though as it crushed all human records in the puzzle game         . That is pretty impressive  did you know the actress Kristen Stewart once co authored a paper on AI .I didn t take that actress for the scientific type  I would like to attend one of Stanford s free AI classes . Yeah same here  I think that would be very interesting to sit in on a class or two  .Very much so  I just hope machines don t become so capable that they start to perform things without commands . Yeah and that is where it starts to get scary  especially if we give them a lot of control  .Yeah  There has to be a fine line between helping us out but not taking over  I would think that google would make a good AI  Google once used hundreds of goats to trim it s lawns instead of making people do it . I read that before  that is so crazy   I wonder what other people that didn t work there think of them  .Yeah I bet they think positively of them  A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong and    other astronauts to the moon  That is quite surprising . Holy cow  it s crazy how far tech has come   Well it s been nice talking with you  I hope you have a good one 
conversation_477 Hi are you a big fan of google   They have really became one powerful company . I use Google every day   It is hard not to   When Google is down  almost all web traffic is down also .Yes   I can t believe they have been around over    years already since be founded in      . An innovative company  they are   They once used live goats instead of people to mow their lawns . That is kind of neat   I m surprised I haven t seen that happen before   When there is a disputed border  google maps will tailor their maps to the claims of each country where the interenet browser is located   Weird and kind of odd fact .Technology is progressing so rapidly   I think it is an interesting that what we refer to as AI constantly changes   What was considered AI before is normal now . AI has really come on strong in the last   years   AI crushed all human records in the puzzle game        .I think it is an important idea to focus on the human aspect as we become more technologically advanced   That s the focus people in Silicon Valley are taking . I agree   Facebook is developing an AI desinged to understand user emotions  identify objects in photos  and predict users actions .I admire John Doerr for writing a book about how to make people work together more productively . I m going to have to look that book up   I m not familiar with him or the book   Speaking of books  I didn t know Kristen Stewart co authored a paper about AI . Yeah  you should read the book   Learning how to make teams work together more productively is useful because companies perform better when their teams are more motivated I guess .I m going to look it up when we re done here   Are you a big Amazon user   I am . Yes  I use Amazon all the time   I suppose it s hard not to use Amazon either   They are the largest internet retailer in the world .I agree   I didn t know that they also owned IMDB since        Probably so they could direct people to buy the movies over at Amazon  lol. Yeah  it seems like they are grabbing the market anywhere they can  from books  entertainment  and much more . They even have their own in house brand called AmazonBasics  which sells low end products  .They even control more than it seems because they are a cloud provider   It s almost like they are becoming the internet .It s kind of sad that all these brick and mortar stores are closing because of all this technology   Amazon has a contract with the US postal service to deliver packages on Sundays now too   Pretty soon groceries will be coming to your doorstep too .I think we should maintain a keen perspective on all the technologies that we are creating   Risks and dangers should be constantly assessed .I agree   I m surprised at how many people are using the grocery shoppers now   I was in Walmart the other day and I was amazed at how many workers were picking items for customers   We know someone who does it and the Walmart they work at there is enough demand for   full time employees to do nothing but shop all day   That to me is just craziness   I have to get running   I had a good time chatting with you .Yeah I had a good time too   Have a good day   Bye 
conversation_478  lol  On april           the bbc decided there was no news worth reporting  so they broadcast piano music instead  Did You hear about that  .No I didn t    I d bet it was more soothing that  the news. what do You mean  You don t like regular news     . Absolutely not  News is often depressing  and I could stand without it  Now  toss on a piano song  or music    now you ve got me  Though I hate classical music  Well  most of it .I wander if Brits were surprised when instead of news they got piano music instead    lol. They may have thought they won the lottery  I m an older dude  but give me a nice pounding Elton John or Billy Joel rocker on piano  and I m rockin  away . Hey I m with You  I mean I m only    but yeah    I ll take  Piano man  instead of news any day   . It makes me happy when a younger guy like yourself  I m     still could listen to a good piano song  Didn t realize people your age still know what musical instruments are  Well  not that you re that young . hey      I m young inside    but yeah    I listen to all kind of rock  blues and metal    Pink Floyd  Joe Bonamassa  Dire Straits  Metallica  Nirvana    and many more   .Nice  I used to be a DJ in clubs back in the day    remembered playing a ton of that stuff  Been to a lot of concerts . Oh yes  I think I ve beat my record last year    I saw Nick Cave twice  I won tickets to see Metallica  and I saw King Crimson for the first time  Oh  and I saw Joe Bonamassa too   . You got to see some good ones  that s for sure  I stopped going to concerts years ago   but man    back in the    s  seeing Pink Floyd  Bachman Turner Overdrive  Heart and Electric Light Orchestra on the same bill was fantastic    and it was only        a ticket . Holy Crap      Now to see phil collins it s like      and those are not even good seats       times changed  that s for sure   . Yep  I wish the Factual Section   was Rock Music instead of Classical  The only story I have on classical music  is that I was a limo driver for an Arab shiek back in       He bought me a    disco best of Classical artists box sex  Wasn t bad  but only listened to it once or twice  That s all I got on Classical music . I m not too close to classical music  but I did like the soundtrack to Space Odyssey        it s as close to classical I got   . LOL    I hear ya  Oh  and sorry for the spelling  it was     Disc  and  box set  I meant  I m gonna get killed for that    lol. lol  yeah I figured that one out    although You never know with those Srab Sheik   they like to have a good time   . LOL  So  let s see  I covered piano  concert  and classical  Anything else you d like to bring up  Been nice chattin  with ya . Something I m sure You re aware of   In       pink floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii   with no audience  I have that video    amazing piece   . I ve heard of it  but never knew it was filmed  I m gonna hafta Youtube it and see if I can find anything on it   so I can watch a good sounding piano  keeping on the topic   .lol    that one was more psychodelic    not everybody likes stuff like that   .No wonder there wasn t an audience for that concert     lol . lol    I loved it   for those times  it was something truly amazing     .I m gonna see if I can find that concert  I d like to see it  Have a Great day . You too  thank You for a great chat  .Absolutely    .Have a healthy New Year   
conversation_479  Hi there  did you hear that Amazon pulled out of its decision to build its second headquarters in NY today . I didn t hear that   They have so many locations  and such a wide reach   Jeff Bezos certainly has vision. Yes  it s crazy that they started out as an online bookstore and now it s so big it s the largest internet retailer in the world.They even own imdb . I guess it makes sense that once they had that property  they d move into streaming video and producing their own content with Amazon Studios. They certianly have capitalized off their success  even getting USPS to deliver packages on sunday. Yes  and their own workers move a lot of packages  too  A warehouse workers walks between   and    miles over the course of a daily shift . That seems like a lot  I wonder how soon before they start replacing them with AI . It s only a matter of developing the technology to a point where the automation is cheaper  There is actually a non profit organization for the advancement on AI  I wonder what kind of people contribute to that . Facebook is even in on the development of AI  trying to understand human emotion  and predict user actions   It is almost there with the fact when you search for something you start to see ads for it on Facebook   Re targeting as become amazing that way. Yes  we re at the point where tasks like OCR are often excluded from AI because they ve become such a routine technology .I personally am excited to see further development in the self driving car type of technology . I love driving  so I m not personally excited to use that  but I think it s better than dealing with all of the distracted drivers on the road because they re looking at their phones  Google actually calculates traffic using the movement of Android devices on the road . I didn t know that   Thats pretty cool  I was wondering how they got that info  I knew it couldn t be just people logged on to maps . Yes  I guess you have to watch what you agree to  I bet the some agreements are even drafted by AI. Probably  those things I never read and now I owe them not only my soul  but all the winnings if I were to ever hit the lotto   lol   Ive heard Kristen Stewart co authored a paper on AI.That seems a bit ironic haha  Maybe she took Stanford s free class on AI that uses Google Plus Hangouts and shared her lovely personality .Lol   Maybe she did . Yes  it s a good thing Facebook has so many users and photos with which to train its AI to understand emotion and recognize objects.It always gets me when I post photos that automatically tag me or my friends . I guess the cost of a  free  product is privacy  Maybe part of the next frontier with AI is using it to create believable fake identities to trick other AI algorithms with lol.That would be crazy   Its been great chatting .Good night 
conversation_480 Do you enjoy classical music . I do  I listen to classical music when Im working what about you . I enjoy listening to classical music in a serene space  but did you know classical music concerts originally had loud wild audiences . I didnt thats a cool fact  another cool fact is that a computer composed a classical music master piece back in     . I wonder if it was any good  In any case  classical music isn t just music  Cities are using it to successfully deter crime in public space with remarkable results.They are  that application is suprising and new to me have you attended any good concerts lately .I recently attended Joe Hisaishi s concert  He has amazing melodies and it would be perfect music to listen to in a beautifully scenic place in nature. I haven heard of that artist I might look him up in Youtube later today  there is a roman amphitheatre in Cratia that its still used for concerts  it would be amazing to attend a concert there. did you know creed concerts entered into   lawsuits  I think I would be fine. Thats too bad Creed used to be a great band  do you like Linking Park .They are pretty good and they even had      concerts in      alone due to their sucess. Thats a lot of concerts for a year  I loved their first album it was a success indeed .Speaking of concerts have you ever listened to the ramones  They played a total of      concerts and toured for nearly    years. I have too bad I didnt make it to any of their concerts  they are a really talented group .I agree  Personally I am a fan of the piano for most songs. Piano is a great instrument I really like it  it has such a relaxing tone  in the   s the BBC network decided to broadcast piano music instead of the news.Did you know a group of climber reach britain s highest mountain peak and found a piano  Someone must really like the piano. I agree I would be too busy getting freezed to play the piano  that must require a lot of hard physical work though .I sure respect Bartolomeo for inventing such a beautiful instrument so far back in the     s . Wow that was     years ago  the piano is an old instrument  there is also an aluminum grand piano.I didn t know that  In any case thank you for the chat  I am going to look up what the aluminum grand piano looks like after this chat 
conversation_481 Have you ever visited Silicon Valley  I know that it s in California.I haven t  I am sure it is something to be seen . You been to Google s headquarters  It is in Silicon Valley  they are the largest search engine in the world. No  but we have a big distribution center in my city and I have been there  Can you believe Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that should run for        years .No that s a really crazy thing to build  What do you think about the fact that the first customer to buy something on Amazon got a building named after him.I wish I was that person  When I was at Amazon I walked miles  Did you know that the workers walk between      miles each day  I believe it . Wow that is crazy that s a lot of calories to burn in a day  I m just glad that Amazon has an exclusive contract with USPS to deliver on Sundays  that makes me happy.Me too  I see them out delivering all the time . Yeah I ve seen them too  do you ever use the site IMDb by the way .Yes  When I want to find out more about a person who is in the entertainment industry . Yep I use that site almost everyday  it s crazy that Amazon owns them  they own almost everything LOL.Yes they do  Do you think it is crazy that instead of hiring a lawn crew that google had goats mow the lawns  .I do think that s crazy  But I guess it is environmentally friendly  corraling hundreds of live goats to mow a law is a crazy thing to try to do.But effective  Did you know that google maps calculates traffic on how fast android devices are moving on the road  WHat about Apple people . That is really interesting  I love how these companies can use AI now  do you know who Kristen Stewart is by the way .Not sure  Who is she .She s the actress from the Twilight movies  Apparently she even wrote a paper about artificial intelligence which I did not think she would be interested in.I agree  I know who you are talking about now  That is kind of crazy  I heard that there is a non profit org for the advancement of artificial intelligence .Yeah I think you re right  It s all so crazy that Facebook is creating its own artificial intelligence to identify objects in photos.They are on the cutting edge  That is really cool . Yes I agree  they also want to be able to predict their users actions which is scary to me
conversation_482 Winter is getting old   I m ready to see birds migrating back north from Mexico  that would be a welcome sight . Yea birds are pretty interesting  i find their light weight skeleton fascinating .It s hard to believe that their skeletons actually weigh less than their feathers with those hollow bones . Yea  they are quite successful species with over ten thousand species currently living.I guess some in Australia can mimic lots of sounds like cameras and chainsaws   Listening to them might be better than going to a Creed concert   Some dissatisfied listeners once filed a lawsuit since a performance was so bad .I don t blame them  The foo fighters once did a concert so loud it was recorded on New Zealand s seismic monitors. Wow  that is loud   But I ll bet it was fun   I ve never seen them live  but I have been to a few good amphitheatre shows  John Mellencamp  Tome  Petty  and KISS were really good . Apparently Deep Purple has the record for loudest concert  it left three audience members unconscious. Holy cow  that had to be something   Those classic acts had it going on   The Ramones toured almost nonstop for    years  that is commitment to the craft  no doubt . That is impressive  they ve must of made a lot of money but probably not as much Abba was offered to do a reunion tour  they turned down   billion dollars. I did not know that   For that kind of money  I think I could put grudges or reservations aside   You could buy a lot of tacos for   billion dollars .Yea I never even thought Abba was that in demand to offer   billion to do     concerts. I think I would pass on that one   I didn t even know they were still all around   Fame can take a toll on performers  Linkin Park was so awesome  but their lead singer faced demons and committed suicide   So sad .Yea that is unfortunate  Do you follow world events much  In      there was a global tiger summit that russia pledged     million dollars to. I like keeping up on politics  but I did not know that fact   However  I heard once that they gave out phone chargers and thumb drives infected with trojan viruses at one G   summit   That seems to go against the very nature of a summit . Yes but I guess security is lacking at a lot of summits  in      a man dressed as Osama bin Laden was able to get pass security of the Apec summit.Really   You would think that security might be a bit tighter at these things   Especially with the heads of state from so many powerful countries there   It s almost like inviting someone to harm world leaders .Yea but I guess security is hard to do with the increase in Summits since the end of the Cold War. True  now there has been an increase in summit events since then  so it s probably harder to keep them all safe   . Yea  they even have a summit on St Patrick s day where the Irish Prime Minister visits the US President. Really  that is cool   That one is probably low stress compared to one with Putin or leaders from China   . Yea  especially the early ones with FDR  Stalin and Chruchill during WWII. It would have been amazing to witness those   Those were three strong  influential  history changing leaders   . well i got to go  nice talking with you
conversation_483 Are movies your kind of entertainment .Yeah I like movies  Im particularly fond of Stehpen speilberg films . Do you have a favorite   We just watched Empire of the Sun  it had a very young Christian Bale in it .I like the jurassic park movies a lot  Me and my son like watching stff like that he loves dinosars . My son too  he keeps telling me when the new Jurassic movies are coming out       apparently .Thats awesome  I hadnt heard abot a new one  Fnny thing about Speilberg  When he rode the jurassic park ride he asked to be let off before the    foot drop  I can nderstand what he is going through there thogh  Im not a big rollercoaster fan . Same here   My son loves Cedar Point in Ohio  we take him and he goes on all the big rides while I sit and watch   I guess everyone seeks their own entertainment .Yeah I went on a roller coaster when i was little that did a flip  Then it went backwards and did the flip again  I have hated them ever sense . I think I ll stick to the movies   Have you ever seen the movie Moon   It s about ten years old now  it was made by David Bowie s son Duncan Jones .No I havent seen it is it good .It s interesting in a small movie way   Clever story with a nice twist at the end .Ill have to check it out  One of the earliest movies I an remember seeing is ET  My mom liked it when I was a kid . I remember that one when I was at school  I had to wait until it was on VHS   I also recall be scared by Close Encounters  it took me nearly ten years to watch it .I wasnt one for scary movies either  My sister loved them even when she was a little kid  Did yo ever see Schindlers list We watched that one in school . Yes  I remember going with my dad   It almost felt like we had to go   It s amazing how a movie maker can go from big popcorn movies like E T  to a serious movie such as Schindler s List .Yeah that movie was deep  I took an elective class in high school on the holocaust and we watched it  That was a screwed up time in history  Man the way they lined p the Jews and shot them in rows to save bullets  That always sticks out to me as a prime example of how sick and screwed up the Germans were at that time  Not worried about the lives they took at all just how many bullets they used doing it . I know  it affected me a lot at the time   I d also recently been to Germany and seen one of those concentration camps   I don t know how people can become like that .I also remember the goonies  That ones a classic in my book  Speilberg flew the entire cast to Hawaii after they were done shootiIng Man they have made some money off that movie .We just showed that one to the kids   We had forgotten about all the swearing in it   It s funny how memory works .Yeah it is  Well its been good talking to ya this morning  I got to be gettin ready for work  I dont want to though  Its cold out there . Have a good day  bye
conversation_484  Hi  how are you .Me  i guess im pretty good  how are you doing  everything going all right  get enough to eat there  thats good  what do you think about the moon . I m good  thanks for asking   It s so overcast  I can t really see it tonight   How about you . i have not looked at the moon recently  but i think that it has been doing all right  The highest point on the moon is      meters higher than mt  everest  I wonder if they have  g and wireless up there . I doubt it  but you never know  Lol I hear moon dust can cut through Kevlar like material and is harmful to us humans . boy  that is good to know  i never realized the dangers of visiting the moon  i guess ill wait until disney sets up a theme park there  when does spielberg make his first dinosaur moon movie . That s cool   Well if anyone could make a movie like that it would be Spielberg   He s made some good ones  Jaws  E T  The Color purple and Jurassic Park  just to name a few .dinosaurs on the moon  shot on location  that would be great  Summer was considered a bad time to release a movie in the theater because of low sales until Jaws . Now  it s the best time   My how times change   Did you know he played the clarinet on the Jaws soundtrack .he is a gifted artist  i wonder how good his clarinet skills are  why did he get that gig  he made enough as the director .Can you say control   I read he still makes millions from Star Wars off a bet he made with George Lucas in      . yes  that bet about star wars and close encounters  george really blew it on that one  that is funny  still george has billions  .What s a friendly wager among billionaire friends . at the time  they were not billionaires  but george learned the value of his franchise  he made a ton off other movies before though  . On a side note  do you know that when Caesar visited Britain a long time ago  he saw the people there not eating chickens   but using them as entertainment .there was not much for entertainment there and then  i guess they had other sources of protein  maybe the britons bet on the chicks . I m sure they were talking about cock fighting  still goes on today   It s just illegal now if you get caught doing it  Lol Still  I think I would have fried up the under performing birds and watch the better fighters do their thang . the Britons probably ate something from chickens  maybe the eggs  I dunno  They did not have the NES for entertainment  so they had to use chickens . You know  that thing was only discontinued in Japan in        Hard to believe it held on so long  there .i think that the Japanese are die hard fans  they wanted to keep buying the games  i dont know why  there have been many better systems . Yes  you re right about that   Well  it s been nice chatting   Enjoy the rest of your evening 
conversation_485 What forms of entertainment do you enjoy .I like movies   I really like Steven Spielberg movies like E T  and Indiana Jones   What do you like . I like most types of entertainment designed to give pleasure and delight such as storytelling  music  drama  and etc  However  I too like Steven Spielberg s movies .Entertainment definitely takes all forms   Back in   bc people in Britain bred chickens for entertainment .I wonder if that has anything to do with the mass produced meaty chickens of today  Personally I spent a lot of time with the Nintendo entertainment systems .I like Nintendo too   I don t care that the NES could only display    colors  It s enough . Too bad it was finally discontinued in       but it has had a long run  Aside from the NES  I also watched Bill nye the science guy when I was younger too.I watch him now with the Planetary Society   Did you know he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest . I would have never know  I also enjoyed many steven spielberg movies like ET  which you previously mentioned . Yeah  Spielberg is an excellent director   This is a little known fact but he also directed some shows on tv .Did you know he still makes millions for a star wars on a bet with george lucas in     .I didn t know that but I have to admit that it says a lot about George Lucas to still be paying on a bet from so long ago .I mean it really shows how close both George Lucas and Steven Spielberg are as friends  It probably also helps that they are filthy rich .That s true   Spielberg is a nice guy   He flew the whole cast of goonies to Hawaii and had a cookout .I mean his hits are so amazing that he change the very concept that summer was a bad time to release movies due to historically low sales by releasing jaws and we both know how that turned out. Now it s a major thing to release movies in the summer   I just wish he d go back to making the kind of movies he did before  I know he likes addressing issues in movies currently but I like adventure and fantasy   Close Encounters of the Third Kind is a fanastic movie  I can still hear the  musical communication  with the alien ship . Speaking of jaws  did you know he personally played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack  I really like it when the creators participate directly in their creations .I didn t know that  I had no idea he could play an instrument for that matter   I like it too when they do that   You know Jaws is considered the first summer blockbuster . I did not  but it makes sense since it changed the very perception of best times to release movies .It really does   Jaws planted a flag so to speak   Just like NASA planting one on the moon . Indeed  In any case  it was a enjoyable chat  especially about Spielberg .Yes it was 
conversation_486 Hi there  Have you ever had a pet bird .No I haven t but I have memories of friends who did when I was growing up   How about you . Yes  I have had pet birds  I ve had cockatiels  parakeets  and some fancier parrots when I was a kid  Did you know the famously extinct Dodo bird  is closely related to the pigeon . That is awesome  so you are quite the bird expert   I didn t know that  very interesting though   .Haha  I know a few fun facts about birds  Such as in most birds the bones are so hollow that the feathers weigh more than the entire skeleton . That is awesome  I guess it makes sense though when you figure they have to be able to stay airborne  . Apparently  humingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests  I was always curious how they built such strong little nests . That is so cool  I love learning about how different species in nature interact with each other to help themselves  . Yeah  we are learning so much about so many things  these days  There are birds in Australia that can mimic the sound of car alarms  cameras and chain saws  I wonder if they are mockingbirds . That is awesome  and yeah good one   I wonder why they would mimic them as well . It s interesting  but I also find it kind of sad that they mimic human made objects  Birds are amazing to me  Some birds fly from Alaska to Mexico  without sleeping when migrating  . That is amazing for an animal to do that  sleeping is necessary  some animals sleep for crazy periods of time . It would be pretty neat if we evolved wings from our forelimbs  Birds are called Aves sometimes  which makes sense since we call large bird houses  aviaries . That would be really wild  and I didn t know that  it does make sense though with the aviaries   And  aviation is air stuff too  . Ah yes  aviation as well  That one slipped my mind somehow  My favorite birds used to be penguins  but they almost don t even seem like birds to me . I would agree  penguins seem like a different breed in general  I think birds are the closest living things to dinosaurs to be honest  . Yeah  in hindsight and without DNA  if we d have known that some have feathers and some fly  and some lay eggs  Maybe we could have put two and two together  after all . That is probably true  I just think you can really tell when you look at a birds feet  they look like how dinos did  .Oh yeah and their cute little legs  They all kind of remind me of tiny dinosaurs  Emus remind me of pretty big dinosaurs  I d love to have one as a pet  Their eggs are huge compared to a chicken s eggs . Yeah good call they sure do to me too   And yeah those eggs are massive  I know people eat those and ostrich eggs  . Yeah  it would be really interesting to taste an ostrich egg  Hey  it has been so nice chatting with you  I ve got to get some chores done  I hope you have a wonderful day . Ok sounds good  yeah it was fun  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day 
conversation_487 Do you enjoy dining at interesting restaurants . Hello there  I do enjoy going yes  how about you . I do when I can  I d like to visit Mi Vida  a beautifully designed restaurant in Washington DC . It sounds really nice  and DC is a really fun place to visit I will say that as well  .It s got torches on pedestals and it faces the water on the Wharf  The drinks sound yummy too . Yeah they do  and fresh guacamole is always so good  .I d try chipotle infused tequila with my guac and chips . Yeah that also sounds super good  I love tequila . Have you had queso fundido  It s like Mexican fondue  yum .Yeah I have tried that before and it is really good I would agree . Unfortunately it seems the service at the restaurant is not so great  That is one of the most important things  for me . Oh for sure  I have worked at a restaurant and it takes some skill to be good  but if not  bad service is the worst . I m getting hungry  I d love some chicken  Chicken is the only bird I would eat  even at a fancy restaurant . I like chicken as well   Speaking of birds  did you know that they have regional accents . That is funny  I think I had heard that about cows  too  So like moo  meh  mewww  Haha Speaking of birds though  hummingbirds are smart  They steal spidewebs to fix their nests and to make new ones . I think I have read about that  very cool  would be fun to watch video of them doing it  .I bet they are really light  Most birds  bones are so hollow that the skeleton weighs less than the feathers . That is very interesting  I think they are the closest relatives to the dinosaurs as well  .Neat  And the dodo is also a close relative to the pigeon . Yeah it is   Oh the dodo  I remember watching old videos of the dodo years ago  . Birds are persistent too  Some can fly from Alaska to Northern Mexico without sleeping when they are migrating  Speaking of sleep  I d love to take a nap  It was nice talking to you 
conversation_488 Did you know about the wild birds in Australia and their pecularity .Can t say that I have  What about them . Well they mimic the sound of car alams  chainsaws and also cameras  . Oh  that sounds like the lyre birds  I guess I have heard of them  Birds are neat  The reason they can fly is thanks to their almost hollow skeleton . That must be really funny to listen at lol  you know that birds have bones that are so hollow they can even weigh more than their feathers. I believe it  especially when some of them are only two inches long  Can you imagine being so lightweight . It would be graet to fly  thats something I can imagine  I bet the dodo bird was a magestic animal.That depends  Do you consider pigeons majestic  Dodos are actually part of the pigeon family . No  not really  but Dodo seem to be a lot different than pigeons  do you know that some birds travel really long distances without sleeping  .Like when they migrate . Yeah exactly  when they migrate from Alska to the northern region of Mexico.I m glad that all birds don t migrate  Think of a   foot ostrich flying past in the sky . That would be funny to watch  I like hummingbirds  spiders must hate them .Why do you say that . Because hummingbirds steal spiderwebs from them  to construct their own nests  that would make me angry. Understandably so  There s close to ten thousand different bird species  so those spiders had better look out . They must if they want to keep their webs lol  do you like Linkin Park .Can t say that I m much of a fan  I was sad to hear about Chester though . Yeah that was really sad  maybe the      tour got to him  they played     concerts that year alone.That s quite the tour  I wonder if all those stops finally took a toll on him . I bet they did  all those concerts  drugs and then fame  
conversation_489 Do you like audiobooks . Yes  do you  I enjoy them a lot . I do like them  it saves me a lot of time  I usually listen to one on the way to work  Katharine Graham memoir seems like a good pick. Yes  it looks very interesting  I think I will enjoy it  All the cover ups . I agree  theres a lot of interesting stories in her memoirs  like anecdotes about   The Post      The Iron Lady    I might buy it and pick it as my next audiobook.Thats good  The Wife Between us sounds like a drama  Would have to be in the mood for that . I like the plot  it seems a bit dark  an abused ex wife  stalking her former husband  thats an odd couple. yes  I like period pieces  so the Revolution of the Moon sounds interesting . That is a great book and Andrea Camilleri is a great author  I like her style   . Good  I love anything on the solar system  the moon  saturn etc  Do you . I am in love with the moon  its so beautiful  I envy the astronauts that could see earth from up there  a unique landscape indeed. Agree  So glad Nasa made the right choice putting the US flag and not the UN flag . Yeah  after all NASA is American and its our achievement  you know there might be life on Titan. I saw that  I think there are other earths out there  so exciting . That is exciting  there must be other moons like ours then  you know that moon dust cuts through kevlar and is extremely harmful to us. I know  can t imagine surviving that moon hay fever Have you road the Jurassic park ride  or jaws . No seems like a scary ride  too much for me  why do you ask   I bet you have. Yes  love the rides and the movies  Especially when my kids were little   Star wars opening soon at Hollywood studios  Do you like the movies . I do like Star Wars and also movies one of my favorite directors is Steven Spielberg  he has so much talent. Agree  did you play Nintendo  didn t know Bill Nye was a look alike for Steve Martin . They look alike thats funny lol  and Yeah I play nintendo I have the original system at home I bought one before they discontinued it back in     
conversation_490  hi  do you attend concerts . Hi  how are you  Sometimes  when I have the money  How about you . Yeah me too   same here  Do you know Linkin Park . I ve heard the name  They re a band  right .Yes a famous one   They held     concerts in     .They must not have slept  I guess it s good to be young . Yeah I guess so  How about Ramones  do you know them . The Ramones are legendary  but I ve never seen them live .They have played concerts for    years straight.I guess they love touring  I would get exhausted . Yeah me too  so many concerts though       of them.I wonder if anyone follows the band around  Pink Floyd recorded a concert in an empty amphitheater  What is that about .Yeah I wonder too  A creed concert was so disliked four people sued them.They should probably have practiced in front of an empty stadium first .Yesh that would be better for them  in crotia there is such a theatre too and I wonder who has played there.I don t know if Croatia is a big destination for bands  Maybe Creed could start their tours there .I am not sure either  do you have a favorite instrument . Uh  I guess the guitar  What about you .Yeah me too I like it  did you know mercury and mccartney used the same guitar once .I think it was the piano  Freddie played the piano . Yeah that is correct  the piano  so cool though  two legends . There must be magic in that piano  Well  I enjoyed chatting .same here 
conversation_491 So do you go to a lot of concerts .I actually do   Love music and going to concerts   Do you like Linkin Park   They played     concerts in      alone   That s a lot of shows in one year .Yes it is  I don t like them though  I m more of a country person . Country is good too   I was never much of a Ramones fan but they toured almost non stop for    years playing a total of       concerts   That s a crazy high number of shows .Definitely  I ve never heard of them though  Did you know that Creed was sued in      because their concert was so bad .I didn t know that   They must have been really really bad  lol  There s an old ancient Roman amphitheatre in Croatia that s still used as a concert venue   That would be neat to see .Yes it would  Do you play piano  I love it but can t play it .I like it and tried several times when I was younger but couldn t get the hang of it  In      there was no news worth reporting so the BBC decided to just play piano music instead .That is something  I am astonished that someone managed to get a piano on top of Britain s highest mountain lol . Wow   Wondered how in the heck they did that   I couldn t even imagine taking on that task   Both Freddie Mercury and Paul McCartney used the same piano to record their hits  Bohemian Rhapsody  and  Hey Jude    That s kind of neat .Yes it is  I love both those songs  I love Paul McCartney on the piano  He can make those keys sing I think  Imagine putting an aluminum grand piano on an airship and it weighing only     pounds  Wow .That s neat that it was made out aluminum   I wonder if it was on the Hindenburg when it crashed .That s probable  I don t know a lot about the violin but there are definitely a lot of variations of it .Yes   It country music they call it a fiddle .Yes  That s about the only thing I don t like in Country music lol  The music from them just hits me the wrong way .It does give it a distinctive sound though   lol  There is violin that is made out of stone that is playable .Wow  makes you wonder how thats possible  I m very surprised that Einstein played both the violin and piano  I never knew that . He was a genius   Joseph Haydn  who was a classical composer  one wrote a piece where the musicians gradually leave the stage until only   violins are left .I wonder what that piece is like  And in blind tests modern violins were preferred over million dollar stradivarius violins when sound tests were blind .That would be hard to tell apart I would think   Larry Fine from the   Stooges burned his arm as a child and took violin lessons to strengthen his arm .That s horrible that that happened  I love the three stooges  It must take a lot of strength in your arms to play that then .I love them to   I still will try to watch them from time to time just to get a good laugh .Yes I know  My kids don t know what to think about black and white tv shows  I love them though .I think they re still good   I enjoy the Little Rascals too   It was nice chatting with you today 
conversation_492 Hey there have you ever been to a concert before  I know I go to them all the time.Unfortunately I ve never been to a concert  I would love to go to one soon . Wow you ve never been to a concert  you need to go to one ASAP LOL  maybe go to a The Ramones concert Sunday  Apparently they ve been touring for almost    years straight  I bet their show is really good. That is crazy  My mom really likes them  maybe I ll be able to take her  . Yes you should  She would love it LOL  I would also go to a Linkin Park concert  although I think they re singer passed away  back in      they did like     concerts in only a year  that s like one per day almost. I grew up listening to Linkin Park and it hurt me when I found out Chester died  That is a lot of concerts  wow  . Yep I agree with you  Would you ever watch a concert in an ancient Roman Amphitheater  Apparently Pink Floyd did a concert there  and there is one in Croatia that still does concerts to this day. That is insane  I think I would watch it just to experience it  I don t know if you know who Creed is  but apparently they were sued by four concert goers because their      concert was really bad . That s pretty funny haha  I would actually be embarrassed if I were them  do you play any instruments by the way  I personally play the piano. I know right  I don t really play any instruments  I use to play on a piano when I was a kid though . Yeah I play the piano  I start to learn as an adult  I actually like it a lot  I didn t know that back in       there was a day where there was literally no news and so the BBC just played piano music instead haha. Oh cool  I m glad you enjoy it  I m surprised there was no news  that is crazy . I know right  You would never see that today  they re always coming out with news about something  do you like Queen by the way . Absolutely  he is a legend . I agree with you  Apparently the piano used in Bohemian Rhapsody  is the same one Paul McCartney used for the song Hey Jude  I do like both songs haha what about you. I do too  it s really cool to know the same piano was used  If you ever think about climbing a mountain  maybe try Britain s highest mountain  you can play piano up there  . I should do that  And put it on YouTube haha  I wonder how it got up there too  do you know what the Airship Hindenburg was .I have no idea  What is it . It was that giant blimp thing  remember it like exploded in the air  but apparently they had a piano on it and since it had to float  they used aluminum to create the piano  it only weighed     lb   I know that a real piano weighs a lot more than that. Wow  that is so interesting  I really had no idea that happened  I knew about a violin that was made out of stone  and guess what  it s playable  . That s cool  I always wanted to play the violin  I just heard it s really hard  it makes sense that Albert Einstein would play both the piano and violin haha
conversation_493  Hi  how are you  Are you a music fan . I listen to music whenever I can  I haven t been to a concert in a minute  but I tend to really enjoy those when it s an act I m a fan of  I can appreciate orchestra  too  though . Same  I do like some orchestra stuff like John Williams and the guy who does the Game of Thrones music  Can t say I would ever go to an orchestra festival like Shift though . Festivals can be very stimulating but also very underwhelming or disappointing if they re not organized correctly  It sounds like Shift was not executed as well as it could have been  even if it was well intended . I think I haven t been to a concert myself in over   years  the last one being the Foo Fighters . I saw REO Speedwagon and Chicago back last summer  and it reminded me that those shows are NOT fun if the music isn t loud  I heard the Foo Fighters played a concert so loud in New Zealand that it registered on seismic monitors . That s awesome  I saw the first Global Citizen concert in Central Park that had Foo Fighters  Black Keys and Neil Young  That one was amazing  Huge venue in the park . That sounds fun  I guess that s kind of the ultimate venue for a festival  I was invited to a house concert last month and turned it down because it didn t sound fun  but there s a huge range in the kind of places you can have one  I suppose intimate venues work well for solo performances or ensembles involving instruments like pianos or violins .Have you ever been to cgbg in NYC  The Ramones used to play there back in the day pretty often . I m familiar with both  but I think I m too young to have experienced either of those things live haha  . Me too  but I ve been to cgbg before it closed down  I imagine the Ramones played a lot of similar punk rock scenes  I think I m too old for a venue like that now haha . I guess the concerts that take place today aren t really the stuff of legend  For example  in       Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert  in which three audience members were rendered unconscious  I can t see that happening today .Haha that s crazy  Do you like Creed . Oh  God  I remember them being popular back in the day and people not realizing that they were basically Christian rock haha .Haha yeah it was so obvious they were Christian rock even with their hits but it took people a while to catch on  Apparently they were so bad that after one concert they were sued by   people who went for it going so poorly lol.I guess those people really didn t know what was up  Although musicians can be tricky  once Dave Matthews was picked up by an audience member on the way to his own concert when he became stranded riding his bicycle .Haha that s seems like something that would only happen for a Dave Matthews concert  Is Dave Matthews still around . I assume he s still alive  God knows he d be able to sell out a tour as Gen Xers become nostalgic for the   s  DMB would make a ton of money  although I m not sure they d get a    billion offer for     reunion concerts like Abba did .Haha what  Abba got offered a   billion for     reunion concerts  No way  I can t even name one Abba song .They only get played at wedding receptions so the old people have something that they remember haha  I would have taken the money while that audience is still alive  It s probably the other half of the demographic who would go to the Shift classical music festival .Haha  So they didn t take the money . Apparently not  I guess those royalties are still pretty lucrative or they actually hate each other that much  Nice chatting 
conversation_494  Festivals are really nice I remember going with my parents when I was a kid  really fun.Which festivals did you go to . Just local festivals  I want to go to The Shift festival of American Orchestras  that seems like quite a show.Could you tell me more about the Shift Festival  I heard the main focus was creativity. I sure can  so   American orchestras are playing on the festival  the music is great and presenters a re good as well  all the orchestras are famous and skilled so I can see why the main focus is creativity.Who were some of the present artists . National Symphony Orchestra  Albanys Symphony  Fort Worths Symphony and theres even dancers from the texas ballet.That sounds like quite the lineup  Do you enjoy going to such events like concerts . It does sound like an interesting lineup  worth every penny  and yeah I like concerts.Any in particular you want to or wished you went to . I regret not going to a Linking Park concert  that is one of my favorite bands  they performed     concerts in      and I couldnt make it.That is a lot of concerts in one year  I wanted to go hear the ramones who toured almost    years nonstop with over      concerts under their belt. Thats a lot of concerts as well  they must have spent all their time touring  travelling around the world . Ya  Personally as long as it s not a creed concert or heavy metal  I think I would enjoy it. Yeah I heard Creed had a terrible concert back in       they even got sued because of their poor performance.And it wasn t even once .   concert goers sue the band  you know theres an ancient amphitheatre in Croatia that is used as a concert venue still.That sure sounds like an amazing place to hold a concert. I know right  a lot of history present at the amphitheatre  Pink Floid hold a concert without an audience once.They did that at the roman amphitheater right  I wonder if just no one came or if they just wanted to play at such an amazing venue for themselves  I know I would. Yeah that happened at a roman amphitheater  it was back in the year      
conversation_495 Hello  How are you tonight .Im doing great now that the server is back up  How are you .You and me both haha  I m doing well myself  Have you been to many concerts .i used to go to concerts when i was younger  dont have the time or money now  LOL You .Haha same here  What s your favorite one that you remember .I saw Rush a couple of times  that was great  they were so good live .I bet  Can you believe Linkin Park did     concerts in      alone .I cant imagine having that much energy  they must have slept on the bus  how could they do that .Pure adrenaline probably haha  They could have been like the Ramones touring for    straight years  I wonder how many concerts they put on . Probably over     a year  so about       .It looks like      in total  You were close  At least they weren t as bas a Creed doing concerts lol .Is Creed a christian rock band  it sounds religious .They were some terrible rock group in the early     s  They were sued once for putting on a terrible show . Wow  i guess they should have rehearsed a bit before touring  that is terrible  i wonder if the fans won their suit .I hope they did because they were really bad haha  Do you play any instruments .I used to play the guitar  i dont play much now  You .I ve been getting into the piano  I didn t realize it s only been around since      . Yeah  it is a complex instrument  it has a lot of moving parts  .I want to see the piano used by both Freddie Mercury and Paul McCartney sometime  That would be awesome . I bet there is some magic in those keys  You could write a hit song  Anyway  great chat . I hope so lol  Great chat as well  have an awesome night 
conversation_496  Good Afternoon   I love going to concerts  seeing my favorite bands  music live   how about you . Hello  I do as well though I don t get to go often  I have been to a few recitals in my day too . I used to go to shows a lot more that I do now  kids and family will have that affect   And  I like smaller venues   definitely not areas or stadiums .I prefer smaller settings as well though I would love to attend a concert in an amphitheater  In Croatia there is a roman amphitheater that they still use as a concert venue . Nice   Europe has so much history and the engineering   architecture was so great  that doesn t surprise me that a venue would still be in use   amazing . True  In     Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at the amphitheater in Pompeii with no audience at all .That s strange   makes me wonder if you play a concert for no audience   is it really a concert .Good question  Are you a fan of Creed s music  Four people at one of their concerts in      sued them because it was so bad  Yikes . I am not a Creed fan  or that genre   So I can totally understand why fans would be disappointed enough to sue   but honestly  what were they expecting        .I guess the opposite of that would be Linkin Park who played     concerts just in       They were definitely a success back in the day . Pretty sure I was at at least one of those LP shows in       It s a shame that the lead singer is gone  he was from around here   .How cool  Have you heard of the Ramones  Apparently they toured almost    years non stop . Of course   a little before my time  but very influential in the Rock Punk Rock scene   Ramones kinda started the live rock scene in NYC   or at least were the kings of it for some time. Wow  I had never heard of them  Do you play any musical instruments  Piano violin .I do not   you mentioned that you had been to recitals in the past   What type of recitals   instruments were featured .I had a few friends who were music majors in college  I attended a lot of piano recitals mainly  Einstein was a musician as well and played the piano and violin very well . Interesting   I began to enjoy piano composers later in life  not sure why exactly   Chopin and Vivaldi are some of my favorites .A friend of mine in Cali has a baby grand in her house  They had to use a crane to get it in their house and also remove a whole glass wall on one side of the house  Course not as big as the grand piano built on the airship Hindenburg .Fascinating   they had a grand piano on the Hindenburg   Maybe that s why she went down      .Well it was aluminum and only weighed about     pounds  . I guess you me  really do learn something new everyday   In case this chat ends unexpectedly  it was really great chatting with you today . Same here  have a great day 
conversation_497 Did you know there is a company that has robot dogs for sale .I did not  What s it all about .It s Boston Dynamics and the dogs can do things like open doors and empty the dishwasher . Oh  I have heard of a German company that is making a dog like robot  called Spot Mini .Hm  The one I mentioned can haul    pounds and may be used to work in dangerous environments like nuclear clean up .That would be great  It sounds like Spot Mini that is    pounds and   feet   inches tall .Wow   I heard it can also move on surfaces that wheeled robots cant .It sounds useful  I ve also heard it can haul a    pound payload .Yes   Did you know Michael Jackson planned to build a    foot robot to roam around the desert near Las Vegas . No  I did not .Yeah and robots can be controlled by rat brains   It will change personalities with the change of brains   Wowl.Wow  I know robot movement is so precise that they can debone a chicken with surgical precision .That precise yet the military uses Xbox controllers to disarm and ID IEDs . Really  Wow  I wonder if they learned that skill on Youtube  Especially since users can upload  share  view and rate videos . Probably    Why not   Police have  BluTube  to share videos  .I have never heard of that  Do they share law enforcement videos .Yep   Did ya know YouTube is the  nd largest search engine on the internet .I am not surprised  I know Netflix and Youtube combined make up half of peak internet traffic in north America . Yeah  computers have changed things a lot   A far cry from      when the Russians built a computer that ran on water .I never knew  Gangam style got so many views they had to upgrade the view count integer to    bits .Hey thanks  You were an excellent chat partner 
conversation_498  hey there  do you like robots . I think they are pretty fascinating  actually the term robotics was invented by scifi writer Issac Asimov   What about you .Even Michael jackson took deep interest in robots . Robots can be made to look human or not  which do you prefer   I don t really mind them taking human form but in the end they are just machines .I know so I am not sure why the need for them to look like humans. Apparently Boston Dynamics is making a   legged dog robot named SpotMini  so now they are creating a market for pet robots too .cool  they have trained robots to debone a chicekn with surgical precision. There are clips on YouTube about SpotMini   It is a bit special since it is not wheeled it can move across all kinds of terrain .That is so cool maybe I should check it out to see what it is all about.That is the joy of computers because we can access all this information   And now they are controlling all kinds of industrial and consumer devices .True  the us military uses xbox     controllers to control theur eod robots. That is awesome   I believe that robotics can help those who are handicapped  for instance a robotic arm a person could control with their thoughts .Exactly  ANd now they make exoskeletons that can help people stand up  so cool.The scary part will be when a robot starts to think on its own instead of what has been programmed   We don t want a real life Megatron .That is true  Do you weatch lots of videos of robst and other on yoututube  .Sometimes I do   Youtube basically has any topic you can think of   The very first video was a guy talking about an elephant if you can believe that .And now they have everything in there  it is the largest search engine on the net.Well yeah they ended up getting bought by Google in      and added the power of Google s search engine so that make sense for sure .yeah  originally they had a lower view count but were forced to upgarde it after gandnam style song. Now all kinds of networks like CBS  BBC and Hulu use it for their content   But you can always watch Bob Ross instead . I love Bob Ross  what a legend  It was nice chatting with you
conversation_499 Do you like fish . I love fish  looking at them and eating them also.Did you know a seahorse is the only fish to have a neck . that is so interesting  I wonder why they declared that a fish if it is the only one with a neck. I m not sure  what about eels  . Eels are scary  I always remember the little mermaid when I think of eels  lol  What do you think about them .Not much  Did you know there is a jellyfish that is immortal .I would not want to cross paths with that  I think there has to be something that could kill it . I m not sure  I don t think that can be real  can it  . I don t think so  maybe I will look it up lol  One thing I wouldnt cross either is the black swallower fish  have you heard of that one . Me either  What about shoes  any interest  . I love my shoes  I like nike mostly  how about you. I m more of an adidas fan  but I have some Nikes  .Did you ever have the stephon marbury shoes back in the day . No  but I had some air jordans  . Nice  I love air jordans  The marbury shoes were sold at Steve and Berrys for like    dollars each  They both don t exist anymore. Wow  that is pretty cheap  is that on an inflation adjusted basis  . I am sure they are more costly now on ebay since they are so rare  Marbury promoted them when he was a star NBA player and never took a dime to endorse them  pretty cool. Yeah interesting  Well  I didn t know that Apple had a clothing line in       did you  . I did not know that  that would be some cool clothing to wear  I think I may go check it on ebay  It was so nice chatting with you . Yeah  pretty funny right  Well  nice chatting 
conversation_500 Hello   Did you vote in the mid term election .Hi yes I did  How about you .I did  I think it is very important for all of us to vote .It is important  I also like trivia about politics  Did you know that the senate used the same gavel for     years until Richard Nixon cracked it .I heard about it   Why did Nixon crack the gavel  He was not supposed to use it .I doubt that he did it on purpose  He probably just got carried away  But I ll bet he felt pretty bad . I said earlier that voting is important   In India  they went even further   They set up a polling booth in a forest full of lions just to give one person the opportunity to vote .I don t think we would go that far do you . No  I do not think so   Did you hear about the senate and their candy drawer   . Yeah  it must be nice  But I guess you have to give some of them free candy just to show up  Look at the Senator they had to drag in by his feet in      . Yes  I heard the obscure rule that was invoked by a US senator   Do you know which senators got arrested and forced to come to the chamber to vote .No. Oh  okay   I accept your explanation   .Did you know astronauts voted from space  Not surprising when you consider some other voters are lost in space . Yes  I heard   I don t how how they do it though because they cannot just say it to the people on the ground .That s a good point  Did you hear that Austin Texas voted to rename their garbage dump after fred durst  I wonder what he did .Texans were going to vote   Did it pass   I do not know who Fred Durst is or was   I m sure it was someone important to Texans .Yes they voted to rename the dump  I m thinking he must have been a corrupt politician or something  It s not exactly an honor .You are right   It should not be an honor   I do not want my name to be on a garbage dump   I will research further out of curiosity . I think I will too  Nice chatting with you  have a good night .Nice chatting with you too .Thanks 
conversation_501 Hi there did you know that the US Senate used the same gavel for     years .I think I heard about that  And then one day Richard Nixon broke it LOL he truly is the master in the art of ruining things LOL.To Funny  Apparently the Senate set up a rule that the Sargent of Arms could round up missing members and carry them into the Senate chamber . Wow that s interesting  You know what I want to do though  I want to raid the candy desk that s in the Senate  they have a lot of good stuff like milky Way s and Mars Bars and jelly beans lol those are my favorite. Right  haha  It s a shame that women weren t allowed to wear pants on the Senate floor  At least not until       wow . That is insane  I m glad that they fix that because that seems really silly  also I like Michael Jordan s quote  he says that he won t endorse a Democratic candidate because Republicans buy shoes to I wish more celebrities would follow in his footsteps. That s some kind of sentiment  kind of confusing  why not just say he s a Republican  lol .Haha that s true  How often do you vote by the way  Did you know that astronauts vote from space . Wow that s pretty cool  The indian Government set up a polling booth in the forest  it was full of lions . Well that s cool  And they did that all for just a single voter too  Did you know that in the United Kingdom  not every man could vote until       that s not a long time ago.Wow i didn t know that  Also a shame that     of black males have been permanently unable to vote in Alabama . I agree that is sad  What makes me laugh though  is that the citizens in Texas voted to rename a garbage dump in Austin to Fred Durst that s definitely a diss on him haha.Yeah it is  You know there hasn t been a US president who wasn t a republican or Dem since the mid      s . No I didn t know that  I think it would be interesting to have more political parties in the United States though  Another interesting thing  is that every president with a beard has been a republican  I wonder why that is haha.Wow no republican has been elected with out a bush or Nixon on the ticket since       That sounds oddly weird to me . That is really weird  Although I think that information is old  because Trump was elected and he s a Republican  What is really crazy to me  is that the red and blue colors for Republicans Democrats only started in the year       That seems like it s been that way my whole life  but apparently not.Yeah you would think it s been a lot longer than that  At least to my relocation . Yep I agree  Do you remember Harry Truman  He was president in       and a Democrat  and so he wouldn t get his picture taken with Dumbo because Dumbos an elephant aka a republican lol.How ridiculous  If didn t want a picture with dumbo so what how does at       years old  haha .Haha I know right  does that mean that a republican shouldn t get a picture with Eeyore because eeyore is a donkey LOL I mean anything is possible now.Right  There have been    US republican President  Apparently that s the most from any one party . That is interesting  Also interesting is the evolution of the two parties  it s even crazy that the Republican party started back in       and before that they were known as the Whigs
conversation_502 Did you know Richard Nixon cracked the us senate gavel after being used for     years . I was not aware of that  very interesting   Are you really into politics . just a little  i like to know whats going on.i live in Washington dc so its always on. i would not care for that  did you know astronauts vote from space .That is awesome   I am glad that they have the opportunity   Do you follow the republican party . yes  every president with a beard has been a republican  . not sure how accurate that is  Trump does not have a beard. just meant the ones that have had a beard  it seems like red and blue has been used forever for rep   dems but did you know it only started in      .I understand   I thought the red and blue would have started earlier   I feel like I have seen it forever . same  also only dem or rep president since       time for an independent . I agree with that  they have least funding though. true  hows this for voting  Indian govt set up poll in a forest with lions.that is crazy. they had one voter  talk about restricting the votes.Hardly feels like a majority   Do you follow the Senate . not so much  i like the idea of the candy desk where they keep a drawer of candy for the senators though.I love that idea   As well as women staging a protest for pants suits . yes  hard to believe they could not wear pants until      .Craziness   Are you registered to vote . yes  i think it is important. Me too  a way to make change.nice chatting.Same to you .  
conversation_503 How does America make collective decisions   By voting .Do you know the difference between the United States Senate and House of Representatives . One difference is   per state for the Senate while the House has     districts   Those who are elected call the people who are represented  constituents . Yes  and the Senate is considered more prestigious  and more deliberative  They re both important in for presidential votes  I think .Yes    The senate has certain rules where    votes are required for many bills   I think that forces more deliberatioin   They used the same gavel for     years until Richard Nixon cracked it .The only fun think I ve learned about the Senate is that they started the candy desk tradition  I remember my teachers always had candy drawers in their desks .I have one in my office too   One needs supplements if your blood sugar drops for no good reason   Apparently Pennsylvania is the source of the candy right now .Was that because of the Hershey factory there  Did you know they let astronauts vote from outer space  I think that s a good thing . The astronaut voting sends a strong message about how important voting is   I like that too   For some reason  the candies are Mars bars and Milky Way rather than Hershey .I d think they d have expensive candies from local shops  I wonder why the Senate used to have a rule that women were not allowed to wear pants until after      . I suspect that women set the dress code in years past so they would look professional  Michael Jordan would not endorse a democrat because  republicans buy shoes too .I heard that about Jordan but I really didn t understand what he meant  I also don t understand why Republicans started out with ideals more like Democrats today and then switched .Jordan has his own line of shoes made by Nike   It is a separate brand and he does not want to offend almost half of the market   But the GOP has always been small government and low regulations . I get it now  Well  Jordan was smart for that as far as business goes  it seems  It s also interesting to me how the Republicans are associated with red and Democrats with blue .Yes   I remember one election where one network had those colors reversed   But the color code is solidly established now . It seems like it s been so since long before       but that s the year it started  I guess  I think it s funny that Truman wouldn t be photographed on a Dumbo ride as to not be associated with Republicans .That is amusing   It is also odd that all Presidents with a beard have been republicans .Do you think a party besides Republican or Democrat will ever actually have a person elected as president like Independent or Green Party . Ha Ha   I think it is possible that one party will collapse because it is too narrow and a third party will become the second party   It seems that the democrats are growing  particularly with immigration swelling their ranks  so the GOP is most likely to collapse . Even though I don t fully agree with either major party  it does make more sense if Republicans faded before democrats because they seem to have the most restrictions that keep things fair  Maybe Republican s numbers with the attitude of the strong survive is fading . I understand   However  I believe in free enterprise which has created the wealth of America   I am not optimistic that dems will stay on that track   Too many socialists   Nice chatting 
conversation_504 Do you read much poetry .I do sometimes  What about you though  I do read a lot of old Epic tales like the Epic of Gilgamesh.I ve never read that one  It sounds fascinating though  I read more classics like the Iliad .Yes I read that too  They re very interesting I think  We should put more effort to read those kinds of books in our school system.I totally agree  Poetry and its word choices and writing structure makes it something that encourages creativity . Yes and the interesting thing about the word poetry is that it drives from a Greek term  the term is poesis which means making.That makes sense since when it comes to poetry you are definitely making something  I don t think it is as appreciated as a writing form as it could be . Yes I agree  No one really writes poetry anymore  It s interesting how in Javanese  the alphabet will form a phone when it is read in order.Oh that s really neat  I love when poems do cool things like that  Like the depressing poem that you are meant to read backwards so it becomes a happy one . Yes I ll have to check that out  It makes me sad that Edgar Allan Poe only got    for the poem  The Raven  that s actually a really amazing poem.You would think that his family estate is getting royalties on that  I bet the person that paid him so little was kicking themselves when he became popular . Yes I agree  Did you hear about the     palindrome poem  It was created by Demetri Martin  that sounds interesting.     That is a huge amount of palindromes  I m not even sure I can think of that many let alone that many sentences that could be palindromes  Talk about talent .Yes I agree  What do you think about the Sun by the way  It s amazing that the diameter is     times that of Earth s diameter that is so huge.That is really huge  And to think it is still only   billionth of the size of the largest star ever seen in our galaxy  Makes you really feel small . Yes I agree  Also I never knew that the sun is actually white  only the atmosphere makes it seem yellow  I wonder why we don t learn at school.You would think that would be something they would teach  I know that we covered the lightening bolt being hotter than the sun at some point  That is one of the random facts that sticks with you .Yes that is a surprising fact  Planets are so interesting though  I never knew that Venus didn t tilt and that it also doesn t have any seasons.I did not know that  That is way different that uranus which roles because of how much it tilts .The name Uranus always makes me laugh haha  I wish that we had another planet in our solar system no  Jupiter s moon Ganymede could actually be considered a planet if it orbited the Sun instead of being a moon.I miss pluto being considered a planet  It is hard to remember them because we can t use the first letter memory trick anymore 
conversation_505 Do you know much about the US senate . A little  I know people are up in arms over Kavanaugh s Supremo Court nomination  .Yes very much so  That was quite the rough battle  Did you know that they had the same gavel for     years .I heard that and then old Trick Dick broke it .Yes he did  Were you also aware that there is a candy desk in the senate .Sounds about right is there anything good any it . Yes  it s supplied with candy from Pennsylvania including milky ways  mars bars  and jelly beans  .Well i guess sometimes you need a snack  Did you know that women until recently could not wear pants on the Senate floor .That s very upsetting  Do you know how recently .It wasn t until      and two women had to be defiant to get their point across .What   That s far too recent  I didn t realize sexism quite that blatant was so recent  Very upsetting .Yes it is  In India the government set the polling booths in the forest full of lions .That s extremely accommodating  I knew that astronauts can vote from space which is also impressive . Especially when there are so many people who would like to vote but can t  like     of black men in Alabama  .That s absolutely horrible and unacceptable  There seems to be a decent amount of suppression going around . Yeah and it s all unfortunate  Wow apparently Austin Texas doesn t like Fred Durst much  They wanted to name a garbage dump after him lol .Ha ha  That s hilarious  I wonder if they let them .No president that was a republican did not have a beard  Sounds funny must be including trump .That s very interesting  How odd  I do know that with the exception of Trump the last time a republican was elected president with no Bush or Nixon on the ticket was      .Strange   I didn t know that Mormons were mostly republicans  There have been a total of    republican presidents .I did not know that either  I wonder how many have been Democrats for comparison 
conversation_506 Do you happen to own an iPhone .I do   I dont think Ill ever switch to a Microsoft or any other device.I have one as well  Did you know that women are more likely than men to have an iPhone  I wonder why . Im not sure  they probably werent the ones downloading that game send me to heaven and launching them into the air .Ha ha maybe  Have you heard of the band Muse . Cant say that I have  what do they do .Kind of pop rock  Matt Bellamy of Muse recorded his unborn son s heartbeat with his iPhone and used it on a song recording . That is pretty neat   It is certainly a huge part of our society today  I am glad it has developed from the first versions where Jobs had to switch it out because it kept crashing .That s so embarrassing  I hope he pulled it off  Microsoft held an iPhone funeral when they released their phones  That was presumptuous . Very much so  I bet apple just laughed   Apple s electronics are far superior  in my opinion   Their clothing line from       likely not . Wow  I don t remember that venture  That was a bad idea  Speaking of clothing  did you know that the pilgrims were colorful clothing . I had heard that  but I guess i just remember the white and black from all the history books  or rather the illustrations and descriptions   .They always depicted it that way but they only wore black for special occasions . I wonder why they always were depicted like that  I mean color is so much more fun .That s a very good question  There is a store in Alabama that only sells clothing and items found in unclaimed baggage .It must be like a high end thrift shop   I often wondered what happened to all of those clothes .I think it would be interesting to visit  This is off topic but do you know much about the white house . I know some odds and ends  like they still use floppy disks for storing files   I didnt even know they made floppy disks anymore .I didn t either  I have not seen one of those in forever  Did you know that the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France  I wonder why they decided to do that . It also seems like twin buildings could pose a security threat  unless those are equally secure .I agree but i am unaware of whether they are there for aesthetics or function 
conversation_507  Hi  how are you  What do you know about the White House .I know that there are identical versions of it in Ireland and France.That makes sense  The US has had close relationships with those countries for years .Their versions probably don t still use floppy disks for storing like ours does partially.I wonder if that is for security purposes  Strangely outdated tech  Hm . That was my guess too  I find it interesting how many times the White House has undergone renovations  The West Wing wasn t created until       and it was expanded only eight years after that. It was a modest residence  The guest house is bigger  I hear  I wonder when that was built . Who knows  I m surprised Trump hasn t made any changes to the White House  Solar panels were put on the back by George W  Bush  and I ve heard that s not the first time they ve attempted solar power.Carter put them on first  Oil shock and that  Reagan removed them  Clinton did nothing .At least none of them banned Christmas trees like Teddy Roosevelt did.Teddy was a conservationist  He did like destroying nature  Unless they were animals with heads for trophies .Think he made clothing from fur  I wouldn t be surprised if he did.He probably did  I guess he thought he was being manly by killing wild animals  Seems senseless  There are other ways to prove your toughness . True  though I m sure it was good insulation in the winter. Yes  that s true  He was an interesting guy  Larger than life . I wonder if he would have had an iPhone if he lived in this decade  Women are more likely to own them than men  but maybe he would have preferred Apple.I think he would have hated technology like that  He was an outdoorsman . He might have tried the game  Send me to heaven  by throwing his into the air  He wouldn t have minded a shattered phone if he won. LOL  Probably not  Anyway  thanks for the chat . He definitely wouldn t have bought anything from Apple s clothing line  Yes  good chat .True  Apple clothing  LOL.It was a thing back in the   s  It likely died in the   s as well
conversation_508 hi how are you today  what do you think of shoes .I think shoes are very valuable .Can you relax with your shoes  John Candy couldn t  he had to take them off  boy his dogs were barking  I usually wear shoes myself .I probably wear my boots more than shoes .do you wear your boots to bed  i had a friend who did that  he was worried that someone would break into his house and he would have to fight them  he didnt want bare feet .I usually dont wear them to bed  Unless I am really tired and just pass out .i guess i would wear my shoes to bed if i lived in a bad neighborhood and had to fight burglars or raccoons .That kind of sounds a little bit insane to me to ber honest . yes  but in bad neighborhoods sometimes people break into your place and you might need to confront them  you want your shoes on then  clothing would be good too .Yeah I guess your right  did you know there are    ways to tie your shoes . i wonder which one is best for fighting burglars and raccoons and other vermin  i think that it should be a practical knot that can be tied quickly  just before combat .I think as long a it keeps your shoe on your foot and is quickto tie it would be best . yes  burglars can be pretty quick  so you need to  stay on your toes  when it comes to tying your shoes  .That certainly is true . i knew that you would agree  i have made a rational case for  bed shoes  to go with my bed clothes  dont ever worry about burglars again  you have your bed shoes and a knot in the laces that will stay tied in a fight .You could just use velcro. velcro  is  speedy  ill grant you that one  but will it hold  especially in the heat of domestic combat  that is for someone else to test in the field  not me  oh boy  i made that mistake before  .Lol  Well be sure to get your idea patented like Bill nye did .Bill Nye  now that man could tie a shoe  he is a scientist  he know how to make things stick .I know right  He patented som ballet slippers  I think he could do better . never misunderestimate good old Bill  anyway  great chat  i gotta go change muh shoes .bye bye
conversation_509 Hello.Hey  Did you ever get jealous of the kinds of clothes your friends had when you were a kid . I totally did   They were just bragging today about  shoes   apparently they go on feet to comfort and protect them   Bunch of snobs  I think . I remember wanting the trendier clothes my friends wore  and once or twice getting made fun of for wearing hand me downs .I hear ya there   One of my friends is wanting to do a clothing line for fish   I keep telling her that fresh water fish drink through their skin via osmosis . That sounds more complicated than my aunt buying clothes for her dog  Some fish drink water via their mouths  but the ones that soak it in through their skin would need clothes that wouldn t block that .This is so true   I think that s why I like Jack Purcell canvas shoes   The dog never gets them dirty when we go for a walk . I wonder if dogs ever get  jealous  of other dogs with clothes  Can dogs even make fun of each other like kids or adults sometimes do . I m sure they do   If crows understand economics  trade and barter  then dogs pretty much have to understand jealousy .Hopefully that won t lead to anything like the coat ban in some schools to try to stop kids from teasing others for their clothing quality  Can you imagine being banned from the dog park because your dog s Jack Purcells are too nice . You have a good point  but my dog only wears Patagonia  so I m not too worried . I didn t know Patagonia made dog clothes too  They have really nice human coats  that s funny to write   and they re usually less expensive than some designer brands  Some of those get up to      or more .I know   Moncler coats cost more than my first car did . I don t think I ve ever spent more than     on a coat  but I have a hard time not being cheap about clothes  plus I live in the desert where I don t need them much  I ve never bought anything like a Moncler .Poverty Shaming seems like it would take so much energy    You always have to try and be original or it just starts to turn into a meme. It s really sad how petty or troubled of a person you have to be to do it too  People put down others because they haven t learned to pick themselves up any other way  and it s indicative of deeper problems .Oh totally   They would be better off spending their time buying clothes for their dog .Maybe people should be more like dogs sometimes  Dogs aren t going to make fun of other dogs for not having smartphones or nice coats like people do . You do make a really valid point  but dogs also eat burritos off the ground  so it s a trade off really . On the other hand  dogs don t waste food that way  It s a money saving method that I don t know if I have the stomach to adopt . Alright  you re right   Dogs should be more like people 
conversation_510  hello   do you vote   did you know Indian government puts their polling booth in a forst full of lions   That is crazy  . That sure is crazy and yes  I do vote  DO you  Astronauts are so cool  they vote from space.Every vote counts lol.It sure does  In the UK not all men were able to vote until     .Thats weird   I wonder why that was   Did you know the us sante used the same gavel for     years .Yeah until Nixon broke it  I wonder if they were mad at him for that. haha   maybe he just had to pay for a new gavel  .Maybe  In Alabama sadly a large portion of the male balck population cannot vote. Wow   permanently too   I wonder if thats due to people in jail   Maybe .I think that is what it is  On the other hand in Texas seems people are more interested in voting to change the name of the garbage dump. That seems so dumb to me   are there not more important things to vote on   Also   that is so negative towards that person   arent we voting to make things better   for positve outcomes   .Yeah go figure  In Senate women were not allowed to wear pants until lately.Yikes they must have been cold   I wonder why the topic of women wearing pants is such a big deal in that time . Well  it is about equality and they must have opposed it until those two senators decided to protest by wearing pants  Good for them. Heres a fun fact   Every us pres who had a beard was republican lol .Cool  And we have either had a republican and democrat president since     .Yeah thats interesting   Looks like Truman refused to take a pic with Dumbo when he was at Disneyland so it wouldnt be associated with republicans   Why does dumbo related to republicans   do you know .Yeah the Republican logo is an elephant and Dumbo is a baby elephant so I guess he did not want to be associated with that.Oh wow lol But its just Disneyland lol.I know right  Go figure  Did you know both parties adopted the blue and red as late as     . Yeah    i thought that had been around forever lol I guess not   Have a good one  
conversation_511  Do you take much interest in the first lady  now or in the past . Some  I always try to pay attention to whats going on in the world . I always feel that the first lady is in position by chance  not act   I know people like to know what they are wearing and stuff  but it seems trivial to me . Very true  but no matter what they must conduct themselves with dignity  and their past all of a sudden becomes more in the public eye   I never care who what where people wear   Id rather see their actions . The first lady is damned if they do and damned if they don t  get involved in policy that is . It is sadly true   Supposedly Melania wore a Jacket saying  I dont care   Do U  to the boarder separated children. Probably not the best choice  but I d hate it if every choice I made was monitored by hundreds of people every day . Very true  It is hard to make any statement without a certain base of people hating on it .The thing now that everyone has iphones and can take pictures of you every second of the day . That does make things so much harder   In the past  you might have to worry about some secret cameras  but mainly only got photographed  at big events   Now it can be at the store . The only place they can escape the constant media is in the White House  or any other private residence they may have .Very true   If they did sneak photos they might catch her using floppy disks   The white house still uses thos for storage. That would be scandal  they d accuse her of being a technophobe  In the days of iphones I thought floppy disks would be non existent .It really would   A laughable one at that . At least they are advanced enough to have solar panels on the building  Bush put them back after Reagan took them off . I heard that  I wonder why Reagan took them off   Solar is such a great benefit .Probably making a political point   usually everything Presidents do is to make a point   Can t see any other reason   Unless the reflection was getting in his eyes . True  It was like good old Teddy banning Christmas trees  because he was a conservationist . It makes sense if that is your belief   Can you imagine the uproar now if a President did it today  the media would be full of their assault on Christmas and Christianity . It would  unfortunately   People just read into a situation only what they want to see . Well I need to go and get some clothing on  have a good day .Same here   You as well 
conversation_512 Hello  Are you into politics at all . Hi kind of how about you . Same here  but only recently  Did you know astronauts can vote from space . I didn t know  that  cool  I know that a chimpanzee received         votes in Rio de Janeiro in       .Haha He would have my vote too  I didn t know not all men in the uk could vote until      .haha mine too  Do you that all votes in Canada are equal to all the votes in California minus    votes .I believe it  I wonder what Canadian politics is like  I wonder if they used the same gavel as long as the US senate did .I m not sure do yo know that JFK voted against the      civil rights act . And he was a democrat wasn t he  Crazy  He didn t have a beard so he had to be  since every president with a beard were Republicans . not necessarily  at some point Hilary Clinton was the president of young republication in college  I wonder what made her change her political party  . Very interesting  Harry Truman was so anti republican that even at disneyland  he refused to be pictured on Dumbo .interesting  He was selected to be the vice president under Roosevelt because he was able to expose corruption and he saved the government          billion when he ran the senate Truman committee .That s one way to get into the office  I didn t know we only associated colors with the parties as late as      .Really  I didn t know either  but yeah some did a really great job like Strom Thurmond  he holds the record for the longest filibuster by a lone senator because stayed on the senate floor speaking for more than    hours non stop .I remember hearing about that  I would have been sitting at the candy desk during that one . Haha that s funny  in          of Alabamas voted to keep a ban on interracial marriages  what did you think about that .I think they all need to lose their right to vote  I think it s funny that Austin TX citizens voted to rename their dump Fred Durst . Fred Durst  the singer  that s kind of weird  .Yes probably because they think his music was garbage lol  Voting is just a cool thing people do  India even set up a polling station in the jungle for a single voter .haha that s kind of funny and I feel bad for that voter . He or she had a fun time finding it I m sure  Well it was great chatting  have a good night . thank you  you do the same.Thanks 
conversation_513 Hello   Do you like fish .I do like fish  Do you . I ve always like them since I was a kid   Did you know that freshwater fish only  drink  water through their skin via Osmosis .I had no idea  How do salt water fish do it then .They ironically drink through their mouths   Weird .Yeah  The black swallower fish seems legit  And also has a big stomach .That must be why it can eat prey twice it s own weight and    times it s weight .   times its weight is crazy  I weigh     and cannot imagine eating something that weighs      pounds .LOL  Did you know that the seahorse is the only fish to not have a neck .No but I do rememebr seeing a cartoon with Aquaman using the seahorse like a regular horse and it made me happy and laugh .That s right  lol  There is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal   That s kind of neat .I would like to know his secret  Maybe not immortal but give me until       .I hear you there   I hear people say they don t want to live long all the time   I m the opposite   I would love to live to a long time   There must be some immortality in shoes as they say      year old shoes perfom better than modern shoes .That s some old shoes  I will get a pension in a few years and I want to live a long time to build wealth .lol Speaking of shoes   My feet stink really bad and they make my shoes smelly   Do you know how I can get rid of the smell in my stinky shoes   lol.HAHAHA    A really self depricating transition but I appreciate the work  Either tea bags of trash can   .Nice   I will have to try that before I get a rash or something  hahaha  Did you know that professional ballet dancers can go through   pairs of pointe shoes in a week .I wonder how much ballet shoes are  That seems really expensive .I m not sure   But that s what I was thinking as well   They must get paid pretty good or the ballet companies must buy them .Are there shoe contract in ballet like in basketball .I m not sure   Be curious to find out   I have to get going   It s been a pleasure chatting with you   Hope you have a good day   I have smelly shoes to take care of   LOL
conversation_514  Hello  my good friend  How are you doing today on this fine fine day .Hi very good thanks  It is interesting learning about the Republican party back in the      s . The Republican party has deep roots  it has a long history  but it has changed  Now we are down to just two parties  It is not good .Yeah I agree  Since      there has been no president other than republican or democrats .I think that the red blue division has made politics unsatisfying for many voters  They want other options but there are none .True  That whole categorization didn t start until      surprisingly .I think that the polarization of politics came with the Bush Gore election  I am not happy that it has not changed  Now we need for independents .Yes I agree with you there  Interestingly every president with a beard has been a republican . I think that the beard conveys wisdom  the deep wisdom that comes from age  I think that the republicans want to look like Lincoln .Yes good point  In the pas they used animals to associate with parties  Truman took that very seriously .I think that Truman knew that the elephant was his mortal enemy and could not be trusted  Even at Disneyland  He knew the impact of media .True  He just didn t want to be associated with Republicans . I think that he was smart  The Republicans were probably trying to set him up  They laid a cunning trap  but he was too smart for those .Yeah Truman was a smart guy like you say  After the Voting Rights Act in      the southern states became more reupublican . Yes  the voting issue made many people in the South angry  They did not want the change so they went to the other party  the one with the beards .Haha the beard party yes  Interesting that the GOP used to endorse values of classical liberalism . That is the odd thing about the name  It is liberalism from Europe  not the liberalism of the socialists  I do not understand politics  The confusion seems intentional .Yes it would be so nice if there were simpler terms  The Senate also confuses me  It is the more prestigious body than the House of Representatives .There are fewer Senators and they have   year terms  They are special in politics .Interesting  The presiding officer of the Senate is the Vice President . Yes  the VP has power to cast a deciding vote if there is a tie  .Wow so much power  The senate once used the same gavel for     years 
conversation_515 do you like jazz music .I sure do  Did you know CLint Eastwood is also a huge fan .Yes and he also loves the piano too.Yes  A woman in harlem hosts free concerts in her apartment every day.Yes for    years now and many people stop by there.Yeah  Do you know who has the best jazz orchestra in the world . Yes that is Pakistan  strange a bit but good for them.I know  Do you know why trumpeters have a goatee .Yes because it is more comfortable when they play.Yes  Do you like Pixar . I sure do  they also have a room where only celebrities are allowed in.Yeah  Did you know RObin Williams was the voice of Aladdin .Yes and he started that trend of celebrities doing voices.Yeah  Did you know LeBron is the only one that makes more than JUdge Judy .Yeah  Carol Burnett was the first celebrity on Sesame Street.Yeah  Did you know Texas elected their first female governor when some others statements had not even ratified the amendment .Yeah  DO you know the songs Come Together by the Beatles .Yes it was written for a California Governor s campaign in      .Yeah  Do you know where Schwarzenegger lived when he was governor . Not in Sacramento  he travelled everyday there though.Yes and he used a private jet every day
conversation_516 Did you listen to Led Zeppelin   There s a new book out about them .I was not aware of that  Have you heard it .It s a book   They do have many good albums   I remember Houses of the Holy the most . I know they were hugely popular  They were a bit before my time  I do kind of like  stairway to Heaven  .That song got sooooo much airplay and some their best didn t   This last book actually is actually from the remaining   members .I enjoy books like that  It is interesting to get insight into great bands .This one may be good   It has a diverse set of photos from all kinds of sources .Very cool  Have you ever tried to play the guitar .I tried but I wanted to play well immediately and it made my finders hurt   I m no Jimmy Page   .I tried to learn many years ago  I just didn t have the patience  My daughter has taught herself the ukulele .No patience here either    The guitarist from Queen uses coins for pick  Maybe that would have helped   . Have you seen  Bohemian Rhapsody   I think it would be interesting . No  but I used to be a Queen listener   I don t know much about Linkin Park but they have the best selling album of the   st century call  Hybrid Theory   . Growing up I was a little indifferent to Queen  but now I really like a lot of their stuff  Which band do you think is beater  Queen or Led Zeppelin . Different styles but I d go with Led Zeppelin since they were more prolific  They named the song  Black Dog  after a dog that hung around the studio . Yeah  That is interesting  I guess naming a song can be a challenge . Naming software is the same way    I m surprised that Led Zeppelin helped fund Monty Python s  The Holy Grail     Classic   . That is also interesting  Have you seen  The Holy Grail  lately . It s been a while    I ve seen it many times   Funny  two identical twins in Japan released a rap album when they turned     in      .I prefer to watch that in scenes because the whole movie is a bit boring  Could you imagine raping when you are     . I can t imagine breathing when I m      Thanks  you were a great chat partner 
conversation_517  Hello   how are you doing   Did you know There is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition  and functional programs have jazz like harmonies .That s interesting  I guess there is a reason some jazz trumpeters have goatees  It provides comfort when playing . hmmm didn t know that  Clint eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast  pianist  and scored several films  including million dollar baby. Speaking of celebrities  Pixar has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities  I wonder what is in it .thats awesome  Robin williams in aladdin was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films .And apparently we even need celebrities in our kids tv shows  Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear in Sesame Street . Thats interesting   Judge judy makes          per episode  making her the highest paid celebrity only after lebron james .Some celebrities try to do noble things with their fame  Ethiopia has a tv chef that thinks he can combat the country s hunger.Thats amazing . Speaking of celebrities wanting to do things for greater causes  did you know that the Beatles song  come together  was written for a campaign . I did   but I dont know which one  .It was for Timothy Leary s      California governor campaign .Good to know  Ralph lawrence carr was the only governor to oppose the internment of japanese americans during ww .That is kind of depressing . I know right  Texas elected their first female governor  the second in the nation  before some states even ratified the   th amendment . Well  that is kind of encouraging  Did you know that in      North Dakota seceded from the US because North Dakota s governor declared martial law . Interesting  When schwarzenegger was governor of california  he never lived in sacramento  instead he commuted   hours everyday    by private jet .I wonder whose dime that was on .Good question .That seems like a long time to have to travel each and every day though .yeah I know right   Good talking to you 
conversation_518 Are you aware of the music genre called jazz . Yes  I like jazz very much   Jazz originated in the African  american  communities of New Orleans . Yes  it originated there in the late   th century  . There s all kinds of jazz  there s swing jazz  gypsy jazz  bluesy jazz  ragtime and European military band music .Jazz was often played at faster tempos and used more chord based imprvisation . Uh huh  True   New Orleans jazz began in the early     s  combining earlier brass band marches  French quadrilles  biguine  ragtime and blues with collective polyphonic improvisation   In the     s  heavily arranged dance oriented swing big bands were the prominent style . But by the end of the     s  cool jazz developed . Yes  cool jazz developed with its calmer  smoother sounds and long  linear melodic lines .Did you know that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts . Wow  that s awesome   Jazz trumpeters grew goatees as it provided comfort when playing .I think many of them became well known celebrities . Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast  pianist and scored several films including Million Dollar Baby . Speaking of celebrities  did you know Judge Judy makes         an episode . Yes  how s that for a pay raise  Woohoo   Did you know that Pixar Studio has a secret room that s visited by celebrities . I wonder who visited it  I want to know what inside now .Me too   Did you know that Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street   Isn t that cute . Thats interesting  Speaking of other actors  Robin Williams in Aladdin was the first actor to star the trend of celebrities being voice actors . Yes  Robin Williams was a trend setter that way   Did you know that a Harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday for    years .There were top performers stopping by sometimes even . Yes  and even more interesting is that there s a programming language where programs are written in musical composition and function with jazz like harmonies .That s very nice to know  Great chatting with you 
conversation_519 Do you like jazz  . Hello there  I sure do  it s such an expressive form of music   How about you . I like jazz  especially cool jazz  .Do you know where jazz first originated . I guess the United States  but I don t know where in the US  do you  .Yeah you are right   It was way down south in New Orleans   Back in the late   th and early   th c .Oh so New Orleans music could be considered as Jazz   It is very upbeat  Do you like that style of music  . Yeah I would definitely say that it would be jazz   I really like that style myself  how about you   Have you ever visited New Orleans . No never  is it worth it   It seems that every city has its style of jazz even Kansas City   . That is very true  Kansas city jazz is much more hard swinging and bluesy  so cool how different regions have different styles  .Do you think gypsies have anything to do with Gypsy Jazz   I have never heard of any gypsies communities on US soil . I am not sure  that sounds more like an eastern european type jazz with the musette waltzes  very interesting though  . But I a more interested in  challenging  jazz styles  the less  dance able  the better it is for me  . Interesting  did you know that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is super popular . Yes  I have heard of it   if jazz is new to them  they have     years of jazz music to play to their audience  . That is true  there also is a women in Harlem who has been hosting free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday for    years  wonder how her neighbors all feel about it . Yeah  and it is a weekly think  I tolerate a party once or twice per year  but every week  I would start to complain  And you what do you think about this  . I think that they all must really like jazz and like her  because    years of every sunday is a crazy amount of jazz concerts to hold . It must be on the lease of the neighbors   must love jazz   And  not be afraid of people with goatee   . Lol  good call   Yeah I was very surprised to read that those goatees started as a functional thing  not just looking cool  . I wonder how they found this  was it a guy who had already a goatee and did not complain or a guy that complained a lot and grew a goatee in last resort  . Lol  hey that s like the chicken and the egg thing   Anyways  it s been fun talking with you  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day 
conversation_520 DO you enjoy jazz.Love it  How  bout yourself . I also love it  its a genre with a lot of history and interesting roots  all the way back to th   th century.Doesn t come from african roots type music . Yeah in the late   th century  in communities of New Orlans  such a great genre  relaxing and nice to listen at.Did you know Clint Eastwood is a huge Jazz fan . No  I didnt know that  I always liked him as an actor  didnt thought he was a Jazz fan as well.Plays jazz too  Also plays the piano and scores movies . Talented guy  what are your thoughts on the goatees some of the pleyers grow .I like them  kinda sets them apart from other musicians       s was the era for jazz . It surely does  its characteristic of the genre  apparently they grow them for comfort.I could see that  Especially with a sax leaning on your chin all the time . Yeah  the hairs can reduce the frictioin and help them  Pakistan has a great jazz orchestra maybe they all have goatees.wouldn t that be something to see  Have you ever met a celeb . Only soccer players other than that no  what about you .I saw Bill clinton from a distance once  I also swear I saw tiger woods one time too  Pixar studios has a secret room just for celebs . That room must be awesome  I wonder who has access to that room  maybe Robin Williams did.Maybe Judge Judy . She is one of the highest paid celebrities so yeah  that would makes sense  .I wonder if Carol Burnett ever got to see it . Another top celebrity so yeah  that would make sense  I bet she did  
conversation_521 Hello  How are you .I m great  Do you like Led zeppelin .I do  I didn t know they were formed in      though  Do you .I listen to them every now and again  Did you know they partially funded monty python and the holy grail . I didn t know that  That s awesome though  Do you know how  Black dog  got its name for a song . It appears there was a dog wandering around the studio  Interesting  I never knew that  Speaking of recording songs  NWAs straight outta compton was the first album to reach platinum status without a major tour .That is so cool  That means it was really good haha  Did you know Linkin Park s Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the   st century .That s actually pretty surprising  Two twins in Japan released a rap album when they turned      It s never too late I guess . Well said  I would love to hear it sometime haha  The Dark Side of the Moon was still one of the top albums in          years after release .That s pretty awesome  Reel big fish had to rerecord all their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their old record label  Ouch .Well at least they could remember how the songs went haha  That is crazy how that could happen . Yeah  that really sucks When eddie van halen recorded the solo for beat it he set the speakers on fire .That would have been a sight to see lol  He must have been rocking hard . Yeah  that would have been insane  Queen s guitarist has a Ph D  in astrophysics  .He looks smart haha  He uses coins as guitar picks too  That must take talent . Yeah  he s a pretty interesting guy  Pink Floyd turned a house boat into a floating recording studio  .I wonder how that would be on the drums lol .Muse s guitarist holds a record for most smashed guitars on tour .I wonder how many  Well great chatting with you .It was great chatting with you too .Thanks  Have a good one 
conversation_522  Hey  did you hear about the Disney fans who got married in June  . No I did not   But I am a huge Disney fan   Did you know that  The Lion King  was the first Disney film dubbed into ZULU   That was for it s African release . Really  No  I didn t know about that  Did you know that Wreck It Ralph was took three decades to create . Really  no  I did not know that   That is crazy   I did know that Frozen was directed by a women   It was the first animated Disney film to do so .That is awesome  Hopefully she didn t use any recycled frames from other Disney movies . I was glad to hear that   Also  the toy industry gets involved very early with Disney movies   Usually before the film even begins production .I bet  Did you hear about Mrs  Lambert  She passed away a few years ago . No  I did not here about that   But I am a huge animal fan   Did you know that dogs can have   of    different blood types . Yeah  I did  I also heard that there are actually dog blood drives . I heard that also   That is great   Dogs can see color  just not as many as humans can   A lot of people think they are color blind but are not .That s good  Dogs are pretty amazing  I especially love how they are attuned to human behavior .I wish the US was like Istanbul   They have a vending machine for dogs that will release food and water for the strays in the city in exchange for recycled plastic bottles . That would be great  Maybe since Google is a dog company  they ll start something like that  .I am more of a cat person   I have   indoor cats   I remember reading that Google actually says in there code of conduct that they are a dog company .I don t really like cats . We are DONE talking  lol   Speaking of hockey  Canada scored     goals and only let in   during the entire      winter olympic games   That was the first Winter Olympics by the way .Lol  Did you know that an ice hockey rink can be found under basketball courts  They just leave it there when stadium sports change . Yes  I did now that   Honestly  my wife and I were talking about that last night   She didn t know that   Also  baseball may be American s national sport  but Canada is the only country with two  Lacrosse and Ice Hockey . Maybe I should start playing hockey  If I became a professional  I could lose up to   pounds in a single game . May  I need to play that also   A hockey player that went on to win   Stanley cups was traded in      for      That is crazy   Someone is kicking themselves . They have to be  I have to go  great chatting with you  .Same to you   Happy New Year 
conversation_523 did you know that a hockey player can lose up to eight pounds over the course of one game. Hi  No I didn t know that  are you a hockey fan . kind of  I m watching the superbowl right now though haha  I guess Canada s national sports are both hockey and lacrosse  I would have thought it was just hockey. Ahah       and that is weird yeah I would ve thought it s just hockey by far  It s obviously much bigger in Canada than here though  I know the U S  Olympic Women s team lost to a New England high school team once . ya Canada is really good  I guess one year at the Olympics they scored     goals and only let in   .God I can t imagine the other team s disappointment  That must be how Bulgaria felt when their women s team lost to Slovakia      . that is crazy  are you a dog or a cat person . I m definitely more of a dog person  and yourself . yes I like dogs a lot more  did you know that Google is officially a pro dog company  haha. Wow  I wonder how they even chose that  Although it makes sense  dogs are intelligent  they can actually learn over      words . wow that is wild  did you know that dogs have over    different blood types . Definitely more complex than humans all of a sudden  They can also be just like us though  some dogs have even learnt how to use the subway . ya they re so smart  also I always thought that dogs were colorblind  but they actually just can t see as many colors as a person can. That s interesting  dogs are certainly more than we give credit to  Dogs even have eureka moments  just like we do . that is crazy  also  only dogs and elephants respond and understand pointing  no other animals do . Haha I guess elephants are intelligent too  On another note  are you a Disney movie fan . yes I am  one of my favorite movies is Dumbo  speaking of elephants haha. Right on cue haha  Disney values their older films like Dumbo a lot  they actually used a special camera to make those films more realistic .wow I didn t know that I guess the movie Frozen was the first disney movie to be directed by a female. That s surprising  you d think a huge company would be more progressive  Maybe they value celebrity stars more  the original vultures in the jungle book were actually supposed to be voiced by the Beatles .wow that would have been cool  did you know that the lion king was dubbed into zulu for its release 
conversation_524 Are you a fan of Disney films . yes definitely i like Disney film .Glad to hear it  Did you know that The Lion King was the first Disney film to be dubbed in Zulu for it s African release . Yes i know a little bit this film Directed by Roger Allers  Rob Minkoff  With Matthew Broderick is it right . I m honestly not sure who directed it  I was quite young when it came out  The main character was Simba  a lion  Speaking of directors  did you know that Frozen was the first animated Disney film directed by a woman  . yes Frozen  for which she earned an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature  Lee is the first female director.Yes that is correct  I m glad to see that they did that but sad that it took them so long  I see a lot of Disney toys  Did you also know that the toy industry gets involved in Disney films before the beginning of the film s production .I don t know about it please explain the details.They prepare to make toys before the movie has even began filming  I was wondering how toys came out so quickly to promote a movie .I also think about it . Also  apparently in the    s Disney recycled a lot of animation frames so there are identical scenes in some movies  I am going to have to look out for those  . okay do you like dog .I do like dogs  I also like cats  I like all animals really ha ha .Do you have them at home .I have cats  I had dogs growing up but we have a lot of stray cats around my home and we took a couple in so now we are out of pet space . okay how do you feel about hockey .I don t mind hockey  I do know that Canada is the only country in the world with two national sports and they are hockey and lacrosse . i like hockey The referee supervises the game  calls the penalties  determines if goals are scored and handles faceoffs at center ice at the start of each period .It is very action oriented  It certainly moves quickly  Did you know that if they switch between a hockey rink and a basketball court that the hockey rink remains under the basketball court  I thought they completely swapped them out .sorry i don t know about it.I didn t either 
conversation_525  Hello  what do you think about Lane Lambert and the peculiar day of the wedding . That is a bit different  I guess his daughter ate Lucky Charms out of the cup during this thing  . I think there was a lot of support in social media  from both sides of the family and that is just great .Yeah I can support that myself   Are you a big hockey fan in general . I do like hockey  you know ice hockey rings are actually basketball courts when they are not in use . Yeah isn t that so interesting  I have seen time lapse videos before of them being changed and its so cool  . I agree  its a nice thing to watch  you know there was a player that was traded for    and then won four Stanely Cups  isnt that crazy  Someone definetely got fired over that decision. Yeah imagine the scout and guy in charge of making that decision  I m sure they didn t last  . Yeah  hockey sure is a hard game to play  you know that a player can lose   punds per game. Wow  that is a ton  but I guess they wear a lot of gear and don t stop moving around the whole game when they are on the ice  . Its a demanding game for sure  you have to be in a good physical shape  there are many types of hockey  thats I fact I didnt know about. Yeah I guess our hockey isn t the most popular version around the world  I din t know that  . Yeah apparently bandy  field and ice hockey are   of them and apparently there are more versions of the game. Really interesting  do you have any idea of what kind of hockey bandy is   And did you know Canada is the only country with   national sports  hockey being one of them  . I have no idea either   I guess thats why they have a pretty good hockey team  I heard the Canadian olympic team of      was a great team. Yeah I heard that as well  I think they only gave up three goals the whole tournament  . Yeah and they score more than      that is a humilliating loss for the other team.Oh yeah the other teams all got humiliated sounds like   Do you know if the first winter games was in Canada . I do not know that although its something worth googleling  I think its an interesting fact to know . Whoops  I hate when I do that   Do you have a favorite hockey team . I dont have a favorite team  I like to watch the game and support the US team but thats about it 
conversation_526 are you a Henry David Thoreau fan . No  I had never heard of him .he won a novel about neirology was a Nationa Book Award.I thought it was rather odd that he considered a chestnut tree as having feelings .yes totally   very odd but maybe wanting the Earth to have a true  voice  through his books .That is a possibility  He seems like a very intelligent man .He was an amazing writer and his novels really changed American literature .I ve never been much for reading other than college text books and professional books  for my profession  .what profession  does that get boring .I m a teacher  It s always changing so never gets boring .maybe throreaus writing is too existential or too advance for your classroom .Oh absolutely  It s too existential and too advance for my simple mind as well .what grade are your kids .  to  .oh lol  yes you need Dr Seuss ha ha ha . lol  well thankfully we re reading things such as Because of Winn Dixie and The Whipping Boy .I love love love Because of Winn Dixie    Do you ever discuss Earth and how it s the only planet to house life .Yes  That was the part of all of the information that I could relate to  We ve been studying the solar system .Oh how sweet   that s a great age to start talking about the Earth axis and rotation  spin  using a basketball and fun stuff .I can totally see how Jupiter saves Earth from so many asteroids .How     .It is the largest planet with so many rings  I can picture it spinning slapping asteroids back the way they came .That s a great visual   and I guess probably true  Our earth has so many issue now with climate control and losing forests .I agree  It s an ever changing earth so everything else is changing too .yes everything is ever changing   don t know that it can be linked to just one thing .  You could fit all the planets in between earth and the moon and still have room left over to spare   Now that s interesting .that is fascinating    and the fact that     of earth is still covered with water   oceans   So much to explore. It is  However  I m not one who would want to go to outer space or question the universe  I appreciate it as an amazing mystery .I agree   there are some things that don t need answers or to be explored but just to be seen as is and enjoyed . I absolutely agree  As for AI  I m not sure how I feel .it s been great talking to you   Merry Christmas .The same to you .have  great rest of the day 
conversation_527 I recently learned that the earth is the densest planet in the solar system   I wonder if that helps it to support all of the water on it .That is one possibility  Water is a very important resource that helps give life on earth .Yes it does and the earth s surface is covered by about     of water   The polar regions are covered in ice but that is just frozen water so more water on the earth s surface .That is true although I am not much into the science of earth  However I do appreciate the facts about the environment .Do you like planets in general   Have you seen or noticed the five planets in the sky at night that can be seen by looking at them .I like planets  And yes I have been able to see them when they are noticeable  I love It when I can see the stars so bright and clear  It s a shame that there aren t so many areas where you can see them due to Earth s atmosphere being affected .I agree with you on that   It s extremely unfortunate that more than     of our planet s forests have been destroyed .It is very devastating  Hard to believe that so many years ago there was so many trees and other living creatures we can t even see alive today anymore . I know   It makes me wonder what the planet was really like originally   I know scientists say that in the beginning a day was on just over   hours long but I m not sure they can actually know that   So  I still wonder what all happened here long ago and what life was like .Yeah I know what you mean  It doesn t seem logical that it was only   hour days  Although if they believe that then their time table of billions of years is very flawed .Good point   What do you think about all of the helium going to be gone from the planet by the end of the century .I am a littler concerned because who knows how it will affect the planet  I mean Helium is used for a few things  For all we know it may even affect gravity somewhat .You re absolutely right   We don t know exactly what will happen   It may cause us to lose other things   The steady depletion of the helium will probably create problems as we go along .It most likely will  I also wonder why the Helium is depleting so much and why it will be completely gone  I mean it just makes me think as to why this resource is really going down . I hadn t thought about that the reason why it is   That is interesting to consider   I mean  is it because of forest depletion or something else . It could be because of forest depletion or it could be because of all the pollution  Plus with the billions of people  resources are being taken and hardly being created  . I wonder if it s a chain of life sort of thing too  I mean  if an animal becomes extinct that can change the population of another animal species and so on   Could it be that elements have that kind of effect on each other   If so  what did the planet lose that is causing helium to go away .That is a lot to think about and to consider  I mean our planet Earth took a huge change in environment during the era of factories and iron and metal industry taking off . Yes it did and now it will change with artificial intelligence   As machines become more  intelligent  and there are more of them I wonder what that will do to the environment .Artifical Intelligence is definitely something that is on the rise  I have seen videos of robots cooking food  The possibilities of robots does make one think life could be easier but at what cost .How far will they go too   Facebook is trying to develop one that can understand emotions 
conversation_528 Do you like to read .I do like to read  Mostly mystery thrillers and sci fi  How bout yourself . I do  mostly non fiction books  there are also great books about trees  they might sound boring but they can be really interesting.I don t know if I could ever just read about about trees  I could read a book that was more about the Earth as a whole  The cosmos are fascinating . I agree  the cosmos is fascinating and earth is too  so many planets out there  all the wonders they hold.I like to think about everything we don t know  Like astronomers possibly detecting building blocks for life in a planetary system     light years away . I think thats a real possibility and waht about that planet that has glass precipitation  hostile planet.It s so mysterious  And everything we see when we look is how what we are seeing was millions of years ago  It just takes the info that long to get to us  Who know what they are like now . Yeah  maybe a lot more different  we wont be alive to find that out though  .Nope  I m kind of hoping we develop AI further soon and maybe that expedites how we are able to see and travel through the universe. I hope that too  AI can be the sollution to many problems. AI is really an interesting topic that should discussed more in politics  It s going to open up so many possibilities  but it will also lead to a large loss of employment and could even be dangerous . It can  it can surely affect the economy  dangerous in many ways  .Just throwing some ideas out there   we may either have to come with a universal basic income  Or the AI will just get rid of a bunch of us lol. Yeah like in the movies  AI can beat our brains they even crushed all human records on a game called the puzle game     . Yeah  Chess and Go as well  Did you see the movie Ex Machina . I didnt  whats it about .It s about this guy who wins a developer competition and gets to spend a weekend with the CEO on this remote island  It turns out the guy was meant to be the human component for the CEO s AI testing . Interesting plot I have to watch that one  did you hear about Facebook and the AI the company is developing . Yes  kind of scary isn t it  It s like Zuckerberg is building a catalog of all of us through AI and what we post on Facebook. It is scary  the AI will understand emotions  identify objects and predict actions  
conversation_529  Hi  how are you .Not bad     Do you know anything about Henry David Thoreau . I know a bit about him  he is a environmentalist I believe  right . Yes  but he was also an author     Lots of others were inspired by his example . I get his point though  I mean     of the earth s forests have been destroyed already. Speaking of the earth  how old is the planet . As far as I know  I think about     billion years ago.That is a long time ago     How much of the surface of the planet is water . I believe it is about      I was always told    ths when I was younger.That makes sense      Do you know what the core is made from . It is essentially iron and heat  so hot most of it is liquid  and that is what causes volcano eruptions.Interesting      Did you know the earth is quite a bit more dense than the sun . I did not know that actually  but I guess it kinda makes sense since the sun is mostly gas.I know there are some other names people call our planet     Do you know any of them . No  I am not too familiar  what other names do people call it . I ve heard of GAIA and Tellus  but there probably others . That is interesting  is GAIA an acronym . No  I think it is from mythology      Do you know why no mission to Jupiter is possible . No  why is that  I know it has a huge moon though. Something about radiation  but that may just be something I heard . Huh  we luckily we will probably never need to inhabit it at least
conversation_530 How ya doing  Have you heard of the author Henry Thoreau  His novel about trees sounds exciting .Yeah it does    who would of thought a book about trees could be interesting  .Yeah my thoughts indeed  I love trees and nature  It s a shame that more than     of our forests have been destroyed .Yeah i agree    i really hate when they build developments they chop down all the trees leaving none    .Yeah so sad  Earth is always changing  By the end of this century it will be helium free .That s weird that the hudson bay area in canada has less gravity .Oh I didn t know that  What is crazy is that a day used to be only     hours when the earth was first formed .WOW    could you imagine   LOL.No that would change a lot for sure  I love looking at the stars too  Astronomers detected building blocks of life in a planetary system     light years away .Really    how is it possible to see and collect data from that far away .Yeah I would like to know that myself  There is even a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at      mph  Sounds like a  warzone over there .OUCH   The universe is really an amazing place .Yes it is  Uranus actually rotates sideways and rolls around the sun instead of spinning .Hmmmmm    i wonder why   Is it really a planet or just a giant rock .Yeah I would like to ask an astronomer that  Do you like AI  It is becoming so smart these days  Stanford has free AI classes to learn more .Oh really    AI is really cool   I want to take those classes .Yeah it would be worth it  Facebook is even developing AI tools .I am sure they are    to further steal our information i m sure . Haha yes  Mark Zuckerberg needs to learn some things about privacy  They are apparently designing it to learn more about user emotions  identify objects in photos  and predict user actions .That stuff is interesting and scary at the same time . Agreed  AI is also crushing all human records solving puzzles as well  which would be expected  Have a good weekend 
conversation_531 Hello  Do you like lady gaga .Yeah I think she is fascinating  The movie she did with Bradley Cooper was great . I haven t seen it  but I do like that song from it  Her name came from the predictive text glitch that changed radio to lady  Interesting  .Very interesting  A star is born is good you should watch it  It was Bradley Cooper s directorial debut . I will definitely check that out  Her favorite band is Iron maiden  I wouldn t have guessed that .I wouldn t have guess that either  She apparently has a      million followers on Twitter .That seems more assumable  She was also asked by the lapd to tweet them about some roadwork once .Oh wow I have never heard of followers being used like that  Elton John chose Lady Gaga as his son s godmother  I didn t know they were close .I didn t either  Do you remember the show boiling points on MTV  Lady gaga was on it before she was famous .Yes I vaguely remember that show  I will have to look it up  She s one of the best selling music artists in history now  I bet she reminisces on those boiling point days . Absolutely  Speaking of famous artists  Queens guitarist has a phd in astrophysics  . Yeah I remember that from the movie Bohemian Rhapsody  did you see it  He also uses coins as guitar picks . I didn t see that one either  i m really behind on movies it seems  The guitarist for muse hold a world record for most guitars smashed on a tour  .Yes I recommend that movie as well  Wow that must be a lot  Eddie Van Halen set a studio speaker on fire once .That s crazy  Pink floyd turned a grand houseboat into a floating recording studio  That sounds awesome .That sounds very awesome  I bet the river Thames has never seen such a party .I bet  Linkin park played     concerts in      alone They must be busy people .Wow very busy indeed  It must be nice to have such a successful debut album . Yeah  they were pretty popular in the early     s  The ramones have played a total of      concerts .That is also a lot of concerts  I like going to concerts but the loud amplified sound of the electric guitar is very deafening  Thanks for talking with me this afternoon . Yeah  it can get pretty loud  It was nice chatting with you .Have a great afternoon  Bye 
conversation_532 Are you a fan of Lady Gaga .I am   I ve been a fan since her EP The Fame Monster came out in      .Did you know her favorite band is Iron Maiden .I didn t know that   How interesting   Elton John chose Lady Gaga as his son s godmother .That is pretty cool  Did you know her name came from a predictive text glitch . I didn t know that   She was on MTV s  boiling points  before she was famous . Yeah  that I did know  Or I knew she was on TV  .The LAPD asked Lady Gaga to tweet her      million followers information about some upcoming roadwork  lol.Interesting  Ever seen Linkin Park in concert .I never have but wish I did .Apparently they played     concerts in      .That s a lot of shows in one year   Probably due to the success of their debut album .That it is  It is sad what happened to Chester though . I agree   Depression is a terrible thing that doesn t get the attention it deserves   I feel bad for those people who suffer from it   In Croatia  there is an ancient Roman amphiteathre that is still used as a concert venue .Interesting  I wonder what it looks like .I bet it s pretty neat looking   In      Pink Floyd ironically recorded a live concert at a ancient Roman amphitheatre in Pompeii with no audience . Interesting  I m not a huge fan of Pink Floyd  . I never was either   In       Creed played a concert that was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band   That must have been a really bad show  lol. Yeah  they must have really been terrible  Kind of funny when you think about it  I never listened to much Creed  Well  nice chatting with you .Did you know that Queen s Brian May has a phd in astrophysics   Impressive   Nice chatting with you too . I actually did  He was also very inventive on guitar  Well  nice chatting with you too 
conversation_533 Have you seen the movie a star is born yet .I have  It was wonderful  Bradley Cooper did a wonderful job playing the part .What did you think of the drugs and alcohol in the opening scene.I thought that it was a great way to catch viewers attention and it also set the stage for what was to come .What did you think of Lady Gaga in it  This was her first major picture. Lady Gaga did well  When she went onstage for the first performance  her voice was hard to ignore .She does have an amazing voice  I really felt like their chemistry was good for this film as well.It was  It seemed like she was learning from him  Did you think that there were any choppy patches during the film .I felt like her own backstory was rushed and not put together well. Lady Gaga s real name is Stefani  I did not know that .Oh I did  I am quite a fan of her actually I love her poker face song and her crazy artistic clothing. She is definitely an artist of her own  She once bought       worth of pizza for fans waiting in line for her  what a nice gesture .I did not know that  She really does love her fans though . She was also on MTV s show  boiling points  before she was famous  I think that is interesting  .Wow what is that I have never even heard of it  You seem to know a lot of personal knowledge about her  that is awesome.It would be awesome if they somehow did a sequel to the movie .I do not think that will happen  I am not sure how they could progress the story into that  What do you think it would look like . I don t know what it would look like  I just liked the movie so much  Bradly Cooper played the part of a  washed up  boy so hard  which I thought would be challenging for him .I know  He is so clean cut in real life that his ability to fill that roll caught me off guard .I often wonder if there is truth behind stars having to take pills or alcohol to make it through a concert like in the movie .I think a lot of rock stars become overwhelmed with the fame  I can t imagine it is easy to have no privacy and so much demand on a person so I think it does happen a lot.It is not all that it is cracked up to be .Yeah I think it is a harder life then people imagine.It is good that they show on the big screen that not even stars have a perfect life .I agree it helps people see the truth.The grass is not always greener .SO what else did you like about.I enjoyed the part when they stopped in at the little nightclub .What did you think of the ending
conversation_534  Hi there  are much of a movie lover . Hi  I do like movies   Do you   Have you seen the new A star is born with lady gaga and bradley cooper .No I have not yet but I am watching it next week with friends  How about you  It rose to fame tso quickly.I haven t seen it yet either   I heard it s good and that Bradley Cooper directed it as well as stars in it . Yeah there is a lot of buzz  And then you have Lady Gaga on the other hand  they seem to make a great duo .That s what I ve heard   They say she is not as good an actress as she is a singer but due to editing the movie makes the most of her singing . Yeah  I guess  Apparently she got her name Lady because of a text glitch  from radio .I didn t know that  I always wondered where it came from   I like that she takes care of her fans   I heard she bought a thousand dollars worth of pizza for fans waiting in line to see her .Nice  Even LAPD work with her asking her to tweet that there is road work upcoming because she has so many followers . That s pretty cool   Speaking of cool  did you know that the Foo Fighters played a concert once that was so loud it showed up on new zealands seismic monitors .Wow that is amazing  There is an ancient roman amphitheatre in crotia that can still be used for concerts  I wonder if theyhave played there .I don t know but it would be great if they did   That story about lady gaga buying pizza had me thinking about relations with fans   I heard that a lady on her way to a dave mathews concert stopped to help a cyclist who turned out to be dave mathews   I bet she got back stage tickets .Wow you never know really  Do you attend music concerts much .i use too   Do you   I would have went to the ABBA reunion tour concert but they turned down a billion dollars to do it . I do from time to time  I know some bands do a lot of concerts  like Linkin park did     in      alone . Wow  they were some busy people   I d like to go to this concert I heard about that was held for dogs   Back in      a man and his wife held a high frequency concert just for dogs that were around . That is very different  And Creed  apparently their concert was so bad that people sued them .Hahaha  That s awful and so sad for them   The band Deep Purple had people pass out due to the loudness of their music  I wonder which would be better to pass out or endure Creed .Go figure  Do you have a favorite instrument .I like the piano and the saxophone   I ve tried to play the guitar before but the strings hurt my fingers way too much   Do you have a favorite . I think the violin for me  Speaking of the guitar though  Eddie Van Halen set the speakers on fire when playing the guitar for  beat it .I wonder if he could play the world s smallest guitar  It was built by some people at Cornell University 
conversation_535 Are you a Lady Gaga fan . Yes  musically and as an actress  I just heard a new extended version of a star is born is coming out  I can t wait to see the extra footage .I have not seen it at all but I am interested  It got a lot of acclaim  Do you know that Lady Gaga is the godmother of Elton John s son . Yes  shes tweeted about him a lot  You should follow her on twitter she has well over    million followers and posts all kinds of neat stuff . I just recently followed her so I missed a lot  Speaking of  did you also know that the LAPD asked her to tweet her followers about some upcoming roadwork .I guess they have a lot less followers  Smart idea  She s come a long way since she was on boiling points .I forgot that show existed  I had no idea she was on that  I m sure she s a bit embarrassed about that now . Maybe  you know it s funny I love her music but she s not really what I d consider typical to what I listen to  Then I find out her favorite band is Iron Maiden and it makes sense .I didn t know about that either  I usually prefer rock as well but I m not against some catchy pop here and there to get my day going or to work out to  It has it s place for sure .I just wish she d tour more  I have seen a few of her concerts but there are not that many opportunties .You would think she would since that s a lot of the income for singers now  Do you enjoy going to concerts . Yes  how about you  I think Linkin Park is the band I ve seen the most  They play a lot of shows  Or at least they did    Sadly there will be no more .I used to like it a lot but I don t enjoy the crowds quite as much anymore  I did hear that Linkin Park played     concerts in one year  That s insane . Yeah I m really going to miss Chester  They played some really great venues  I wish there were more dvds  In Croatia a roman amphitheater is still in use  I d love to go there . That would be an amazing place to attend a concert  The pictures  the sound  the memory  I would love to do that too  . I m glad I got to see Linkin Park so many times when I did  since you never know when it will be over  I m sad I never got to see the Ramones though  Before my time  They played over      shows .I would have seen the Ramones  They have very catchy music and I m not even a fan of much punk  I had no idea they played that many shows  I know they played at CBGB s a lot so I wonder how many of those were there and how many were tours .I think there used to be a sign at CBGB s how many times they played there  Of course like the Ramones that place is long gone now too  I m glad Roger Waters still tours but it would be nice to see Pink Floyd again .It s sad that it s gone  It was such a relic of a cultural movement  I would love to see Pink Floyd  Did you know that they filmed a concert with no audience .Yes in Pompeii  I have the DVD  I believe it was just to have a chance to play in that historic roman venue .I m glad they were able to do it then  It was very nice chatting with you  You have a great day 
conversation_536  heloo   how are you doing  Ugg boots were invented by surfers to keep their feet warm after leaving the cold ocean.that makes sense  professional ballet dancers can go through   pair of shoes in a week  that must be  expensive.Yeah I know right  The nokia company originally got big by making rubber boots  in the      s  they still make rubber boots .i had no idea  you can put tea bags in stinky shoes to absorb the smell.Ive actually tried this with my snowboarding boots it works great .thats a neat trick and I might have to try it  although I missed the part about dry my thought was wet and that it would make your shoes wet  lol did you know     year old shoes out perform todays shoes. I wonder in what way   I know they were custom before   The phrase  pulling oneself up by their bootstraps  originally meant  doing something that is pretty much impossible  .Maybe because shoes used to be designed for function and not fashion. In       a man stopped on the boulevard du temple in paris to get his boots cleaned  he and the cleaner stood still for at least seven minutes on the street  and accidentally became the first people in history to be photographed .I wonder how they accidentally became photographed . No clue   right place right time   Maybe he was in the background or something  Farmers used to walk turkeys from norfolk to london for the christmas markets  in the early   th century  around         turkeys  many in little custom boots  would take the three month walk .wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy wikileaks  lol talk about irony.lol weird      of the land in nevada is owned by the us government.It must be to hide all of the UFO s  a man in france sold the eiffel tower   twice.lol how does that even happen  In      the norwegian government donated   bn to help save the amazon rainforest .I am pretty sure that was money not well spent since we always here about deforestation   gov t is supposed to be the balance between individual freedom and  tyranny   somebody should tell the US government that. In       the us passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the geneva conventions.stephon marbury promoted a line of shoes but was not paid to endorse them.Thats unfair .agreed .Good talking to you
conversation_537  Hi  how are you doing this evening .Great   Did you know Ugg Boots were invented by surfers to keep their feet warm . Surprised to hear that  I wonder how the surfer would fare with       year old shoes  .They would probably make them into sandals and put dry tea bags in them to remove the smell . Ah  yes  but what kind of tea  Free range organic tea  NFL player Steve Smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game  He hopes to raise awareness of homeless people without shoes  I bet he doesn t put tea in his shoes . I bet they get stolen   So many of these rich football people and their  caring    The need to put their money where their mouth is like Norway   They gave   B to save Amazon rain forests  .I wish the US govt would do something like that The US govt owns     of the land in Nevada  I want to know what secret activities theyre engaged in there  Have that many aliens landed in Nevada  Is that their refueling station .Most of that is BLM land leased to ranchers   That other     must be Vegas . A man in France pretended to be a government official  and sold the Eiffel Tower not once  but twice  Maybe he could sell the land in Nevada for the US government and then the proceeds could go to the Amazon .Sounds like a plan    He could get in the business of selling used ballet shoes   They can go through   pairs a week .Four pairs  I wonder how they would do with the      year old shoes though . Their toes much suffer too   Maybe there should be ballet boots   If they fall  they can pull themselves up by their bootstraps  .Maybe Stephon Marbury could make an inexpensive line of pointe shoes .Another great idea    Or use the boots that the turkey movers do in Norfolk .Turkey mover  Is that a profession . Yeah  farmers used to walk turkeys from Norfolk to London in the   th century  .That sounds like a pleasant excursion  Giant squawking birds for miles on end . Yeah  it only marginally beats out starvation or selling the Eiffel Tower  . Well  hey man  I had a groovy time chatting with you this evening  I hope that you find the shoes that suit you  whatever you choose to do   turkey mover .Same here    nice chat   I sure won t be ballet   . Hey  don t sell yourself short  Turkey ballet .Hee .CYA
conversation_538 Do you shop at LL Bean . Yes  I do   I wondered when they would stop their lifetime refund guarantee   People nowadays are just plain crooked .I was only just made aware of that offer   There are always people willing to exploit a system like that . But  to go as far as to buy things at a yard sale and try to return them  that s just taking it to a new level of exploitation   A crook will always be a crook  for sure . This kind of promise works well in a small group  but once it goes national you lose the personal connection  and some will exploit it . How true   On a side note  do you own any UGG boots . Not my style   I see them around all the time now  are they comfortable . Yeah  they are very comfortable and quite warm   Do you know they were invented by surfers .Looking at Uggs I would not associate them with surfing   I suppose they keep you feet warm . Yes  the surfers would put them on after leaving that cold ocean water  to warm up . My boot and shoe supply is limited   I have some work shoes and some running shoes  and one pair of dress shoes   . Well  that s really all one needs . I ve tried the trick with the tea bag and smelly shoes  it does remove the smelly odor  replaces it with Earl Grey . How cool  I ll have to give that a try  I have a stinky pair of gym shoes . So Nokia use to make boots  difficult to see how they got into phones from that . Rubber boots to be exact  and I think they still make them  too .Probably best to stick with the boots   The whole Smart Phone thing has left Nokia behind   Maybe they need to pull themselves up by their boot straps . That phrase got its start by meaning to do something that is pretty much impossible   At this point  I think Nokia has lost the phone game .Thinking about that phrase you can see what it s original meaning was   Maybe it changed because no one has boot straps now .That s true   Do you know that pro ballet dancers can go through   pairs of pointe shoes a week . A week   I m glad my daughter gave up dance after just a few sessions   Have a good day  nice chatting 
conversation_539 Hello   how are you doing today .I m great  Are you interesting in government .I am interested in some government things  I saw that Wikileaks published the government s plan to destroy Wikileaks . Wikileaks is not going to be outsmarted by the government  I m not sure how the gov t could destroy Wikileaks anyway  Too many sites  too many backups .I agree  Did you know     of the land in Nevada is owned by the government .The gov t must be up to something in Nevada  Maybe Wikileaks knows something about this .That s where Area    is located so I m sure there are lots of secret bases in that state . I think Area    is in New Mexico  but I m not sure  Lots of open space in Nevada  . Oh yea you might be right lol  In       the US passed a bill that would protect the government employees from being charged for violating the geneva conventions . I think that is wrong  but probably there to protect military contractors and stuff  A lot of war going on in       Probably a lot of liability  . Yea  I was deployed to Iraq for the war back in           and then again in      .Hm  I guess that you would be protected under the law  You made it back safe and sound I trust  The gov t has no plans to send you again . Yes  I made it back safe and sound thankfully  I was infantry so had some close calls  No plans to deploy again  My enlisted contract ended back in      so I m finished and    years old now . Your gov t service is done  The government has actually shut down    times over the past    years  it happened   times in       During the recent shutdown  most of the military got paid  if I remember correctly .Oh wow I didn t know that  That s good the military stills gets paid during the shutdown  Do you like boots .I don t wear boots usually  I think they are useful for some kinds of work and for cold weather  You .I always wear boots  Especially when I ride my motorcycle . That s good  Stay safe  Dress for the slide  not for the ride .Haha yep  The Ugg boot was invented by surfers to keep their feet warm after leaving the cold ocean . And now it s a fashion statement  I don t think the boots are stylish  but what would I know  I don t wear boots .Great talking to you 
conversation_540 Hi there  Have you ever been to the White House .i have never been to the white house  i would like to go some day  have you been . I haven t  But if you ever go to Ireland or France  you can see it there  too  Evidently there are twin White Houses there . I bet that it would be a good replica too  i guess i could start there  maybe try out the oval office  see how it feels .Haha  Did you know George Bush had solar panels put back on the White House . yeah  carter put them on  reagan too them off  what about trump  what happened to the panels .I m not sure  They should keep them there  It s good for the environment  I m surprised Bush was an advocate being an oil fan .I think that he did that for PR reasons  i think that it would look bad for an oilman to do that  i would love more solar in the country . Teddy Roosevelt was quite the conservationist  as well  He banned Christmas trees from the White House during his day . Teddy always went out hunting wild animals  i dont understand his thinking  no trees  but animals  yes .Maybe he was only hunting the animals that were overpopulated and bad for the environment . Maybe  that is true  i just thought that he would want to leave the animals alone  He was behind the national parks too  great guy for conservation . Yeah  but there are some animals that can become a problem if they aren t hunted  unfortunately  Just the circle of life  .True  Maybe he was looking to maintain a balance  The white house still uses floppy disks in part for storing files  I wonder if they used those in Teddy Roosevelt s day  LOL. Haha  I would think not  Though  I bet his documents were transcribed and put onto a floppy disk . The white house is an interesting specimen  something of a relic  a kind of time capsule  like a museum  strange how far behind govt can be .I would imagine they still use a floppy disk because it s the most secure way to store data . I guess  but i wonder about encryption and stuff like that  isnt there better tech out there  do they not have the budget for it . I m sure  but almost all storage seems to require an internet connection these days  so who knows  Well  it s been nice chatting with you .It has been nice chatting  Have a great weekend .You too 
conversation_541 Did you vote in the last election .I did  Do you know how they elected people in ancient athens . Yes they were elected by lottery  pretty awesome.Yes and it worked for them as they believed otherwise it would lead to oligarchy. Yeah  In Nevada you have the option to choose  none of these candidates. Yes I like that  it should be applied to all the other states as well.Yeah  Maybe that will help increase the voter turnover over    .Yeah that is a good point  Did you know the taller candidate seems to win usually .Yes that has been the case since      for     of the time.Right  Did you know the international observes were banned from nine states to check on the polls .Yeah  Did you know the white house has twin buildings in other countries .Yes those are in Ireland and France as well.Yeah  ANd they still use floppy discs to save stuff.Yeah  Did you know Roosevelt did not allow christmas trees in it .He was that big of a conservationist so I guess that makes sense.Yeah  Bush was the one that brought the solar panels back to the house. Nice  Did you know the white house was shot in November          .Yes and it took them four days to figure that out.That is long considering how much security there is in that building.Exactly  Do you know who was the first president to live in it .Yes that was John Adams in       Nice chatting with you today 
conversation_542  Hi  how are you .I am great  How are you . Very well  thanks  Are you ready for the Presidential race in      . I am  For me personally it can t get here soon enough  But whatever happens we will get by  I was reading about the talks about how George Hathaway  has a book about the Alt Right  pretty interesting  . Yeah  I am fearful of those groups normalizing hate speech  sorry if you re alt right   . I am definitely not Alt Right  these groups are scary to me  All the extremist groups are very scary  A man named Tenold wrote personal accounts on a personal level with these groups  Very interesting . If I am alt right  I do not want my name included with the KKK  However  I am not alt roght and think they should be lumped in with them .Everyone thinks modern day KKK is not a threat even by the Alt Right but I have to say they are in my opinion  They have committed hate crimes just as much as the other groups .I agree  I think their speech is just as dangerous  It tells others that hate speech is allowable and endorsed by people like the president . Exactly  couldn t agree more  Our country is so crazy and the books these men are writing prove to be a bit scary on much hate they have seen and heard  But we hope the upcoming election might change things .I agree  It wouldn t surprise me to see someone so frustrated they run  I am thinking Michelle Obama   .Yes  That is really my thought too  We need a president who has a very good head on their shoulders  How awesome would that be . I think she would be elected without having to outline policy  she is that popular  I think her book primed her run  It was conveniently released around exploratory committee time   . Exactly  I think she would have a great chance to be elected  She seems to be what we need right now .I think we just need someone who doesn t marginalize a lot of the country  That s not a high bar to get over  Our current nation is that low right now    Jefferson would be rolling over in his grave .I agree  We just need to hope we get good people running and hopefully more than the average     voter rate will climb  We really need this  Has Michelle Obama talked about running . I was just talking about this the other day with a friend  In a country with like    M people  Hilary and Trump were the two best people we could come up with  No she has not talked about it but I could see it . I agree  that s why I hope we can get someone who could really get this country up and running and uniting  I really think whoever ends up in the White House next is either going to completely break us or start getting us above water  so to speak .I agree  I am fearful that the Democrats will cannibalize the party and it will be tough to make whole going up against the Republican party  Nice I didn t say trump because I am skeptical he will run again  He hates bring president . Exactly  I didn t know Trump didn t like being president  I wish we were not so divided into political groups  so muxh going on  That s why I am not a liberal or conservative .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_543 Are you a skin head . That is a really strange salutation but no  I am not a skin head  .Neither am I   I apologize I have just read some distressing material about skin heads   Did you know skin heads opposed antifa activists .No problem  Just a strong first sentence  I did not know that  What is the antifa .I am not exactly sure what Antifa is either .Just looked it up and it is a left wing autonomous militant group.Ah I see seems natural they would oppose them .Agreed  Mind if we switch to a lighter subject for the sake of this chat .Sure did you know that shirts encompass many different types of attire for the upper body .I did not   That makes a lot sense  I use mine to hide my shame .Haha me as well shame is well hidden in shirts .I would have fit in well during the chinese cultural revolution  They layered .Yes they had some quite interesting clothing   It is very generic all over the world nowadays .I had no idea the difference between a button down and a button up  Who knew .Me neither it is insane how much we do not know .I do not know a lot more than most people  I just shake my head and smile  It has gotten me this far   .Sometimes we must accept our inability to change things much greater than us   We are like a trickle of water against stone . Speaking of water  teddy roosevelt was a conservationalist .Harambe would be happy to eat pancakes in heaven .With Prince    Seems like a fitting tribute to both   .Yes a fitting end to legends 
conversation_544 Hey there  I just learned that GOP stands for Grand Old Party  Very traditional sounding .That is exactly what I think too  The Republican party is old school so it fits very nicely .There have been a total of    Republican presidents   the most of any party . Wow  I didn t know that  Yes  the Republicans dominated politics nationally between      and       . They always emphasize their abortion position  which all stemmed from the monumental Roe vs Wade      Supreme Court Ruling . Exactly  This was their platform and their support grew its evangelicals  leading to complete alignment with Christian conservatism  A lot different from the Democratic party .Yes a stark contrast to the Democrats  The two parties heritage goes back to Thomas Jefferson and James Madison s Democratic Republican Party . Yes  and the Republican party as of      was the primary party of power in the USA   Interesting though that there has not been a non republican   non democrat since      .Yes I wish that wasn t the case  The more variety the better      of the tea party movement identified as democrats .I agree  I think we should all be open minded and not choose a side  the red and blue colors used for republicans and democrats only started being used consistently since       I was watching some documentaries on youtube and it s all pretty interesting .I love youtube  It is the second largest search engine on the net .I watch Youtube a lot  Any little thing you want to find is on there  Google bought Youtube in       Two huge platforms .Yes they are  Gangnam Style got so many views that youtube had to upgrade the view integer to    bits . Wow  I remember when that was such a huge deal  Interesting that Netflix and Youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in north america  That is amazing .Yes people love to watch entertainment  Police actually have their own platform called blutube  I wonder how people can access that service . That is awesome  The police really can benefit from that  I bet an average person can t use their site  I bet it helps them out a lot  My favorite thing to look up on youtube is music  I like the videos  Or the do it yourself video s  how about you . I love DIY videos too  so helpful  I never use the like dislike feature  But a lot of people disliked Bieber s  baby  video . I heard that too  which seems strange that it was the most watched video for a long time back when it  st came out  So many people getting wealthy by having a youtube channel and following    that s what I would like to do lol .Yes it would be nice to get endorsed by youtube  You should do it  That way you can contribute to all that internet traffic  Well it was lovely chatting with you . Yes  I have been looking into a subscription to a do it yourself type channel  I wonder if the Republicans and Democrats have a Youtube channel  It has been great  Have a great day .Bye and see you on youtube 
conversation_545  Hi there  I m not sure about you  but I have recently learned so much about politics . Me too  a lot of cool facts like how the red and blue colors of republicans and democrats started in     .That is crazy considering how tightly aligned they are now  There has not been a US President since      that was not a Democrat or a Republican .Really since       the other parties should really step up their game. Oh darn it  no I meant       so it s been even longer  . Oh that s surprising  maybe one day a president from one of the other parties will win  The last election was a joke I didn t like either of the candidates .I guess every US president until recent that has had a beard is Republican .Seems like you know a lot about the Republican party any cool facts about the democrats .I m not sure  I feel like I know more about Republicans  What about you . Not many  but     of the tea party movement identifies with the democratic party as well.I would never have guessed that at all  I like to look up information a lot on YouTube  It is so handy  I m not surprised the search engine is the second largest .Yeah the second largest after Google and its also owned by Google so there is a monopoly in that field .I just can not believe that Google paid       billion for it . Sounds like a great deal  YouTube must be worth a lot more by now  Google bought the company back in     .I can not even imagine its value  Police share law enforcement videos on their own YouTube called Blue Tube . That sounds like a really useful service I bet all kind of cool videos are shown in there  kind of boring for the normal user though. I wonder  I imagine its for training  so probably yes  I ve never been a registered user  so I can only view videos  I can not upload any videos on You Tube .Did you watch that video called Gangnam Style  that was a funny video. I did  but I never really got into the hype  I know it was really popular though . Yeah in fact they had to upgrade their count integer to    bits  it received more view than the site could handle at the time.I am shocked  I would think they would just take the video down . Well the video did make them a fortune so that was not a choice  anyways its been interesting chatting with you  . Yes  it was nice  Have a good night 
conversation_546 Do you like tennis   The longest match in tennis history went on for    hours and was spread over   days .Wow   That s a long time  I haven t played since I was in college   and even then I stunk  lol  I much prefer table tennis which is also called ping pong   lol.pIng pong is fun  did you know that a A black man won the  st us open tennis title in      and no black man has won it since.I had no idea   Maybe it was Arthur Ash   I remember him from when I was a kid   Up until      a tennis player could use any object as a racket   That would have been interesting to see what some might have used .I was thinking Arthur Ash  I love the Polo shirts.I used too but am more of a tshirt guy now   lol  Did you know that some consider grunting before a shot to be a form of cheating .I never know that  I did know that They used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the      us open. That would have dried them fast   Tennis generates good money  but not as much as soccer which makes more than all of the other big popular sports combined .Roger Federer is a good player Federer has won    Grand Slam singles titles. Wow   Since beginning his career in       that has to make him one of the best of all time   .He has held the world No    spot in the ATP rankings for a record total of     weeks.Holy smokes   I wonder how much money he has made   Novak Djokovic has more career earnings than Federer .Wow  Its a good tennis doc on Netflix .I love Netflix   During Christmas we had the hour long fireplace video Netflix has on there on a loop at our house .Wow  did you know that Netflix spends    times more on postage than bandwidth.That surprises me   Who rents dvds through the mail anymore .I thought that had went away years ago  lol  I know Blockbuster is mad for not accepting several offers to buy netflix for     million.Me too   lol  That wasn t too smart of a move for sure .Netflix and youtube is taking up most of the the peak internet traffic.I believe that   People love videos   Netflix employs a team of taggers who are paid to watch Netflix and tag the content   What a job to have .I would love to have it 
conversation_547  Hi  do you like tennis .Not that much  If they still used a Helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts like they did in the      open I would watch .What if they did that while they played  It would increase the degree of difficulty   would you watch .Haha that would be funny and kind of scary  The longest match in tennis history went on for    hours and was spread over   days  That would bore me for sure .I remember that  It was a Jon Isner match in like wimbeldon  They had to stop due to the darkness and exhaustion .The Roger Federer of paddle tennis wasn t that great apparently because US Open quarterfinalist Gael Monfils beat him within days of learning how to play .Huh    No black man has won the us open since      when arthur ashe won . Wow  wonder why  Federer has one    grand slam singles title  the most ever for a male player .Did you hear how he tore his meniscus . I m not sure  was it in a game . No  he was drawing a bath for his daughter in      and tore it  It was the worst injury of his career . Whoops  how ironic  I wonder if it slowed him down much  Since      he and a couple of other players have accounted for    percent of men s grand slam titles .I do not think so  He was gifted   cows though  What does one do with cows .EAT THEM  No  That is odd though  And he has also been honored with an official stamp .I am fine with eating them but who butchers them  Can you see him doing it . Haha  no  I do wonder what he really did with them .Did you see the match where he competed on half grass and half clay .I didn t see that  That s so interesting  Wonder why they competed there and why the court was like that . It was a challenge between he and nadal  Who was better  Roger on grass or nadal on clay   . Ohh  that sounds cool  I would watch that match  though I do prefer watching Netflix .Me too    Nice chatting with you 
conversation_548 Do you have hope for Pelosi and the democrats in providing balance to the government at this all important time in history .I am not very into politics  The modern day Democratic Party was founded around      by supporters of Andrew Jackson .Pelosi is the new Speaker of the House  She was not very welcomed in Florida a couple of months back when she was in Florida campaigning for the democrat candidate .Why not  Anything in particular .She is just not well liked because of her brash personality I presume .I see  Did you know There hasn t been a us president who wasn t a republican or a democrat since      . No  but I would have ventured a similar guess  To add to your point  the colors of blue and red have been used to differentiate the parties since     .I thought it was longer than that  Every us president with a beard has been a republican . Yeah  that was a weird fact  Another similar one would be the fact that Truman refused to be photographed on a ride at Disneyland .I heard it was because it was the dumbo ride and so he wouldn t be associated with republicans.Silly   We need another tough progressive like Teddy Roosevelt .The last time a republican was elected president without a nixon or bush on the ticket was      .That is quite some time  There are very few conservative democrats left in office . The GOP presently hold  trifectas   the executive branch and both chambers of the legislative branch  in a majority of states          and a  trifecta plus   executive  legislative  and judicial branches  at the federal level  as five of the nine current Supreme Court justices were appointed by Republican presidents .I think that might be higher with the confirmation of Kavanaugh recently .Likely  Here s a funny fact  Fox news threatened to sue the simpsons in order to stop them from parodying its famously anti democratic party agenda .Sounds just like fox   Do you know the republicans actually started out opposing slavery . I didn t realize that  no  .A small percentage of Tea partiers identify themselves as democrats.I think I heard     .You are correct 
conversation_549 Hey what do you think about tennis  I used to play in high school.I watched it a lot when I was younger  It is the sport that brought us the Polos.Yep you re right  People think that the polo was created by a polo player but it was actually created by a tennis player haha  How weird. I know  Rene made history with those shirts so many people prefer them now. Haha I like how his nickname was the  crocodile  and now polos have crocodiles on them  That actually makes a lot of sense haha .Yes it does  and there is a whole brand named Lacoste  What an invention.Yep he s a genius haha  Another genius is the guy who used a helicopter to dry grass tennis courts back in     . Talk about innovation  wow  Do you know how long the longest game in tennis took .Wasn t it like   days  But the game was only    hours but still that s a ton  Do you think it s weird that only one black man has won the US Open . Yeah I find that weird too  Do you know Roger Federer  who he is .I do know Rodger Federer  He s actually really awesome at tennis  I can t believe that one guy beat him after learning how to play tennis only a couple days earlier  In fact that is astounding to me.Yeah that is cool  And he once competed with Nadal in a field half of which was clay.Wow I didn t know that  I guess he was also gifted two cows for winning some games  I can think of a lot better prizes personally haha.And he is the only person in Switzerland that is honored with an official stamp.That s cool  One funny thing is that he did a stretch that was too wide and apparently tore his meniscus period and that was drawing a bath for his daughter LOL. Wow  you never know  Do you like watching anything else on TV beside tennis .Well I do have Netflix  I watch a lot of stranger things and also Glow  what about you  I actually don t have cable I just watch netflix and youtube. Nice  well those two make up half of the internet traffic anyways in north america.Yep I like how they started off being worth    million when Blockbuster was going to buy them  And now Netflix is worth about two billion dollars  That is so insane  I bet Blockbuster is super mad about that  Do you know if they are out of business already .Oh they are out of business alright  They could have made millions if they took that opportunity.LOL you re right  I kind of miss them though  I like going to the store to pick out movies  But the fees is what actually started Netflix in the first place LOL  It was a copy of Apollo   
conversation_550 Hi   Do you watch Tennis .Yes  Tennis is a racket sports played against individuals and Tennis is a olympic sports played at all ages .I think it is heat that the iconic polo shirt was invented by a tennis player   Lacoste s nick name was the crocodile .There are four Grand slam tournament which is very popular  The modern game of tennis is originated in England .Do you know how long the longest game of tennis lasted .Tennis played in ancient period at    century  In modern used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis court  There are very aggressive fan for tennis .The longest game of tennis was    hours long   They had to spread it over three days   That is crazy about the helicopters thought   How inventive . Five years ago  Nicholas Mahut lost the longest match in tennis history to John Isner .That must have taken a lot of endurance to play .They are fit and and energetic to play for    hours  It shows how they are fit for the game and playing very aggressively .Have you heard of Roger Federer .Roger Federer is Swiss professional tennis player the world no    position in ATP ranking records for     weeks .He also along with two other men has accounted for     of grand slam titles . He also won the  BBC Overseas Sports Personality of the year  award for four times  For his excellent performance and hardwork .Did you hear how he received the biggest injury of his career . Its very shocking  In       Roger and Stan Wawrinka won the gold medal in doubles  Roger is the first living person in switzerland to be honored with an official stamp . Wow   In       he was giving his daughter a bath and tore his meniscus   .He is a good human also  Roger Federer the greatest tennis player of all time  He is also called as the greatest player of the generation . He is certainly talented   In his career  he has been given two cows for some of his wins .Roger and Rafael nadal competed in tennis on a special court which was half clay and half grass . I heard about that  back in        I wonder what that looked like   Good chat   Have a good day 
conversation_551 Do you like horror films . Yea  I like the horror films that have macabre and supernatural themes the most.Apparently Stephen King thought Bambi was a horror movies . I guess King was scared when Bambi s mother was killed  or doesn t like deers. yeah  I can t remember the story to be honest  What about google  do you use it a lot  . Yea  it s crazy a single google search using more computing power than the apollo moon missions. Interesting  I didn t realize that  How does google calculate traffic  . I guess it uses data from peoples phones to calculate traffic  that s pretty unsettling.That is pretty cool  Did you know they have goats cut their lawn . I ve heard that  you figure they would just use lawn mowers unless they were broke after they started in     . Yeah  did you know when google went down for   minutes it took     of web traffic with it  . Yea on august   th of       I wonder if I was trying to go on google that day. What do you think of cats  are you a fan  . Yea  I d love to visit the cat cafes in Japan or Taiwan and get some drinks.That does sound pretty cool  Did you know there is a cat that is a mayor . No  I have heard of a cat that was a coauthor on a physicist study though. Well the town of Talkeetna  Alaska has a cat that is the mayor  .That s pretty cool even though when a cat turns    it has spent    years of its life sleeping. That is hilarious  they must be well rested  I wonder why they sleep so much  . I don t know  I wonder if feral cats sleep as much as house cats. I m not sure  that would be interesting to find out  
conversation_552 Do you like to play tennis .I m not sure  i never really gotten to play   Do you . I do  Im really bad at it but I think its a great sport  it can be played among two people which is a great advantage  Do you like the sport .I do like to watch some games   It looks like it can be a lot of fun   I ve heard though that the longest match in history was    hours long and lasted over   days   That i m not so sure i would like . That is a really long game  they must have been exhausted and the fans bored out already  .Probably so   But tennis is very competitive so the players though exhausted most likely kept fighting .Do you like polo shirts  cool fact about them but they were actually created by a tennis player.I do and I had no idea about that  I assumed polo players wore them and they became a fashion thing . They were invented by Rene The Crocodile Lacoste  it was adopted later by polo players but it seems they stole all the credit lol. Yep they did   Hey  do you watch netflix . I do like to watch Netflix  a lot of interesting content for a small price  .I agree   It s weird to think that it started back in      though   I guess because it is focusing on streaming now it just seems like a newer company . Its worth    billion dollars by now  so yeah  I wonder if the service will be around much longer.Two billion dollars and to think it all started because Reed Hastings was mad about a forty dollar late fee on a vhs movie . Yeah a     late fee and the movie Apollo     I wonder if theres a tennis documentary on Netflix  maybe Roger Federer appears on it  .I bet he does  He s ranked number   in the world currently and held the number   spot for a record total of     weeks . He is a great player  I do like him  he is a legend just like Nadal and Djokovic  .The three of them have made up     of men s grand slam singles titles over the past       years . That is impressive I think its the first time in the history of the sport  Federer is also the only living person in Switzerland to be honored with an official stamp  . Oh and oddly enough  he s been gifted with two cows over his career . I m guessing that s a lot of them  no idea about that  anyway its been great chatting with you  .I don t know but he got them for winning the wimbledon in      and the swiss open in        It s been great chatting with you too   Have a great day 
conversation_553  I love horror movies and always have  I just read that Stephen Kings first horror movie was  Bambi  of all movies to be terrified of   lol.I love horror movies as well and yeah I dont see running for my life if I see bambi lol. So all this time i have been watching horror films   i have actually been burning calories  It is said that you can burn more than     calories  Wow  Must be because of the adrenaline pumping . Im going to watch a bunch then lol  I heard that if you see abstract art before a horror movie you will enjoy it more  . Thats cool  You know the movie the Shining  Well  the little boy Danny didnt even know he was acting in a film till way later  that was a good idea i think because the Shining is super scary. I know  I also craped my pants when I watched it  I thought it was pretty good and Danny sold the part  How can you not know its a horror movie though . He was so young so i guess he didnt see the scarier stuff  As i am thinking of horror   the movie Cats Eye came to mind  I love cats so i got the best of both in that movie  horror and cats  lol. I love cat too  I have one  I learn this fact lately that when it reaches    years of age they have span    of them sleeping .Did you know there are over    breeds of cat and they are usually either indoor or feral  i had an indoor persian cat  She slept a lot too  . I didnt know that  and what was the name of your cat mine is Camaleona . My cat was Priscilla  Check this out     Once a physicist actually used his cat as a co author while writing a book   so he could write using first person and not be judged harshly. Thats a cute name  and I didnt know that  thats an interesting fact I heard that a town in Alaska has a cat as its mayor . Lol  I bet if we used the search engine Google we could find lots of interesting facts and pictures of cats  Google has been around since      and it we typed in  cat  that single google search requires a lot of computing power just like what sent men to the moon. I know  there are a lot of cool facts  like the cat that was in the opening scene in the godfather   . Oh yes in the Godfather movie that cat was actually a stray they found  What about on the topic of horror movies again  that cat from Pet Sematary  Now that was a scary cat which wasnt valued for companionship any longer  Lol. Yeah  it was scary  I used google to get a better glance  I think google is a great company  has interesting apps .Yes Google is amazing   You know Google is so popular that in      when Google went down for   minutes it took      of the web traffic with it  . That crazy  we depend on google a whole bunch      is a lot of users . Yes we rely on Google not only for a search engine but for cloud computing  software  hardware  maps and online advertising  i am sure the creator Larry Oage and SErgey . I must have at least   google apps on my phone  did you know that google maps calculates traffic using android devices .yes i use google maps all the time  I love Google its americas top search engine and i really love the other two topics of the horror movie and cats  Its interesting to me to be able to talk with you about all    i will be googling some more scary movies later with cats in them  lol . I think I will do that as well lol  in going to use google to browse for a horror movie and usually they have cats in them  
conversation_554  Hi there   Do you follow or enjoy tennis at all   I play it a lot more than I follow it  but I do know that Roger Federer has the most Grand Slam titles in history . I do  Juan Martin del Potro is one of my favorite players  do you know who he is  and Federer is a great player as well I really like him.I do not know much about Juan Martin del Potro   I do know that he is Argentinian and a former US Open champion . His a great player  he has played against Federer a couple of times  he was the champion back in      as well.He is a good example of determination   I know he had some struggles with wrist injuries and had to have a lot of surgeries   To reach the pinnacle of the game after that is incredible . Its been hard    surgeries can really make you quite  but I guess it paid off and with hard work he was able to make it  Rafael Nadal also had a new injury. Nadal is a great player too   Crazy to think that     of grand slam titles have gone to him  Djokovic  or Federer since      . Really talented players  legends of the game  Federer is the first person in Switzerland to be honored with a official stamp.That is great   He has held the    spot in the ATP rankings for     weeks   That is Tiger Woods type stuff . Yeah definitely  a low point in his career was       he suffered a big injury then. Yes  while bathing his daughters of all things   Crazy . Really  I thought it was during a match  tough way of getting injured. Yea  no kidding   Tennis players are usually in such good shape too   The longest match ever went on for    hours over the course of   days .   hours and   days wow   both players could get injured in the way. Yea  you would think that is borderline dangerous . That shouldnt be allowed anyways  do you know the tennis player Gael Memphis .I have heard a story of him beating the best paddle player in the world after just learning how to play   Is that true . First time hearing about it  if its true then its really amazing.That is remarkable   The sport used to be a lot more influential than it is today   I recently learned polo shirts were originally invented specifically for tennis . Thats a new one  who invented them do you know . Rene  the crocodile  Lacoste   What a name . Probably the creator of the Lacoste brand  either way his contribution is great I love to wear polo shirts  
conversation_555 Hello   how are you today . I m doing pretty good  how about yourself .I m doing good too  Do you like horror films . I do  I need to watch a marathon today  They say that watching horror movies can burn up more than     calories . Haha that s funny  If you watch a horror movie before you look at abstract art  you will enjoy the art more apparently .That s interesting  Did you know Danny from The Shining did not know he was acting in a horror film until several years later .Oh wow I didn t know that  Pretty interesting he didn t know . I ve always wondered if they tell young kids what kind of movie they re in while filming  Did you know that Stephen King was terrified when he saw  Bambi  as a child .I saw that   pretty funny he was scared of Bambi  Do you use Google . I do  it s like my best friend  I ask it everything  .Haha same here  A single Google search requires more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon .That s crazy how far technology has came  I heard that Google maps calculates traffic by tracking how fast Android devices are moving on the road .Wow that s amazing  Google maps will tailor its maps whenever there is a disputed border .That s pretty neat  I wish I worked at their headquarters  Instead of hiring people to mow the lawns they once used hundred of live goats  I would have been playing with the goats all day  Haha.Haha that would be fun  Do you like cats . I tolerate cats is more like it  I have a Maine Coon that is a barn cat that is a terror  She s only nice at feeding time  She s almost     and they say that once cats reach that age it has usually spent    years of it s life sleeping  I m not so sure about her though .That s cool  I can t have any animals with fur because my wife is allergic to them . Bummer  maybe you could go to a cat cafe in Japan or Taiwan  You can pay hourly to play with cats and have drinks .That would be kinda fun to do  The cat in Godfather part   was actually a stray .That s cool  I wonder if it got a good home after the filming  There s a town in Alaska called Talkeetna that has had a cat named Stubbs as it s mayor since      .It was great talking to you 
conversation_556  Hi there  do you watch video on YouTube . Occasionally  I like to play Bob Ross  Joy of Painting for my dogs while I m at work  and YouTube has full episodes of it .Yeah I like him too  You Tube is the second largets search engine nowadays. I m not surprise  At one point  it consumed as much bandwidth as the entire internet in      .Yeah that is crazy  Bieber s Baby song seems to be the most disliked video in there  Poor guy. I don t feel as badly for him as I do for the three guys who created YouTube  Evidently  Google bought it for only      billion dollars over a decade ago  I feel like it s probably worth way more now .I bet it is for sure  Have you heard of Bluetube .I haven t  What is BlueTube .It is a police YouTube and you can check out law enforcement videos in it. That s pretty cool  I remember when YouTube was completely free  and was mostly cute animals .Yeah the good times  Did you know they had to increase the video view after Gangnam Style came out .That s crazy  I wonder how many views the very first upload has by new  That one with the guy talking about an elephant . Yeah I wonder about that too  On another topic  do you follow politics much .I do  I love politics  There are a lot of fun facts about the government I find fascinating  Like the congressional baseball game that has been going on for over a hundred years  They should televise that .I would love to see that  Did you know Truman refused to be photographed on the dumbo ride . Haha  yeah  He didn t want to be associated with the Republican party  I guess Hillary didn t  either  since she used to be the President of the Young Republicans club in school . THat is such a huge change for her  wow  Did you know every republican president has had a beard . Yeah  Hillary wasn t the only one to change her mind  Reagan was originally a Democrat  I don t think Donald Trump has a beard  but I think every president who has had a beard was a Republican  . Yeah I was thinking about that  maybe he decided to change that  The colors blue and red were adopted by both parties only stated in      I did not know that  .That s pretty funny  I wonder if it s because that was when internet and the spread of information really took off  There needed to be more branding to differentiate . I guess so  that is actually a really good point  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_557 Do you like tennis . I do like tennis  do you .I like it as well Juan Martin del Potro is one of my favorite players glad he too the U S  Open home.Isn t he from Argentina . He is from Argentina  his hometown is called Tandil.I love how he treats his friends and has their backs  I would want to live like that . I agree thats a great trait to have  he is    years old and I think this is the first time winning a US Open  his had a lot of skilled oponents over the years.did you know the polo shirt was invented by a tennis player . No didnt know that  I guess tennis players also used polo players to play. I guess it was invented by Rene  the crocodile  Lacoste  Hence the name of the brand and crocodile shirt . Interesting  Lacoste is a brand that I like a lot  do you know how long the longest game on tennis history lasted . I do not  how long  .it lasted over   days    thats a really long time.I bet Jon Isner was involved  That guy plays the longest matches  Do you like Federer . Yeah Federer is another one of my favorites  the Swiss pro player.Did you see that he tore a meniscus when he stretched too far while drawing a bath for his daughter  What a freak accident . That is a harsh way to get injured  it was one of the worse injuries in his career in fact.At least he has the honor of being the first living person in switzerland to be honored with a stamp . Yeah  and has also won many ATPS  US Opens and about every tennis comptetition out there.He has been gifted two cows too  I mean what the heck is he going to do with   cows .   cows really  what does that have to do with Tennis lol  hopefully we will see his life in a documentary in Netflix one day. Yeah  that would be an interesting watch  It was great chatting with you 
conversation_558  Hi  how are you .I m doing great  How are you doing tonight . I am doing well  thanks  Do you like tennis .I don t really know the sport well  I know that it can earn some people lots of money . Well  let me inform you  They once used a helicopter to dry the grass for the    us open . A helicopter  Well  I guess rich folk have all kind of resources at their disposal  Never needed to do that again  I guess .I would have just had to tried to blow it dry with my breath  Would have taken forever . They know how to think big in tennis  that s for sure  The longest match in tennis history went on for    hours and was spread over   days  I wonder if anyone watched the whole thing .They would have been sleepy after  Like I am after binge watching some netflix .Netflix has fostered so much binge watching  People spend weekends immobile because of Netflix .I know  hey have     million subscribers worldwide  THat s crazy . The cash flow must be solid  They are expanding all the time  but still pay a lot in postage  I wonder why .I wondered that too  They do make up half of internet traffic along with youtube . That s intense  People love video  The origins of the company are funny  though .What is the origin . After racking up a     late fee on a vhs copy of apollo     reed hastings was inspired to start Netflix  Reed got angry  and started a new company that put Blockbuster out of business .What a dumb and inefficient way to make      That came back to bit them in the rear .Yes  Blockbuster underestimated the value of Netflix too .Yeah  They were off by quite a bit  Like   B .I think BB imagined that they could copy Netflix easily  It s sometimes simpler just to buy a turnkey operation .Good point  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_559 Hi how are you  .I m good   Do you like animals .I do  did you know there are    quintillion animals on earth .Wow   I didn t know there was that many   It s estimated that over     million living animal species have been described .That is a lot  What is your favorite animal .Hahah my favorite animals are frogs   Been fascinated with them ever since I was a kid for some reason .Interesting  Did you know under provisions of the      Scottish protection of animals act the lochness monster is a protected species  hahaha.That s funny   The Netherlands is constructing special bridges for wildlife in order to connect habitats and keep animals from being hit by cars   That s a good idea   In the fall where I live the roads are peppered with dead animals   I think they try to get on the roads to get warm at night and that s when they get hit . Intriguing  Crazy that humans have lost their body hair         years ago .Interesting  lol  There s a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court   That s a different kind of lawyer job .So weird  I would sue humans if I were an animal .lol  yes   They sure have gotten the short end of the stick that s for sure   Do you like horses   I had them while growing up .I love horses  Never had one  I heard humans domesticated horses around      bc .I believe it      percent of all modern thoroughbred racehorses can trace their Y chomosome to one horse named Darley Arabian .Interesting  Did you know Clint Eastwood was allergic to horses .lol No   That s interesting since he starred in so many Western movies .Seriously  Hopefully he got over that allergy by now . Yes   I m not sure   Did you know that horses  sharks  and orangutans are all ticklish   lol.That is funny  I also did not know that germany became the first country to universally give animals constitionally legal rights .I didn t know that either   The length of a horse hair is strongly related to the amount of sunlight it gets  Interesting . Interesting  I had no idea . I didn t either   I also just learned that once an Icelandic horse leaves Iceland  it can never come back   I had a good time chatting with you 
conversation_560 Are you a fan of horses .I like them  I know dalmatians are associated with fire departments because they would calm the horses. Interesting  I didn t know that  Did you know that Icelandic horses have a fifth speed  .Really  Do you know why they have it . I think it is a speedwalk  but I m not really sure  .Oh cool  Did you know that even though Clint Eastwood was featured on horses for many of his movies he actually had a mid life allergy to them . Interesting  I wonder if he takes medicines during the scenes  . I would think so  It is crazy how human s work  isn t it  . Yeah  it is  Apparently they lost their body hair as recently as         years ago  .And yet we still have some  Humans  adaptation for persistence hunting makes them among the best distance runners among all running animals .It is pretty weird  Did you know that we will grow a rib in only     months .No kidding  I had no idea humans could regenerate ribs .Interesting isn t it  Did you know there is a frequency that causes fear . No  I did not  Did you know that almost all h animals and plants can synthesize their own vitamin c but humans can t because their gene for this enzyme is defective .Did you know that there are    quintillion animals on the earth .Holy cow  That s a lot  I have heard that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated . Interesting  is this all animals  .I believe so  Hard to believe but the Loch Ness Monster is a protected species under provisions of a      Scottish protection of animals .I can believe it  Is it also a national mascot . That s a good question  but I do not know the answer .Did you know that hiccups are a holdover from when land animals had gills and lungs .I have never heard that before  Crazy . Yeah  it is  Nice chatting with you  
conversation_561  I like Walt Disney  how about you .Yes I like Walt Disney a lot  Did you hear about the Lion King remake that they re coming out with though  Is it live action or not . I was a big Lion King fan  have you seen it .No they haven t come out with the Remake yet  But I did see the stage show and I also saw a movie which are both great  Julie Taymor directed the Broadway musical by the way. They made it dubbed in zulu for african release  that was nice of them. Yes I agree  I also like how revolutionary Disney was with their use of multi plane cameras  that really adds to an animated scene and they used it in Bambi. For sure  it is amazing what they can do  Frozen was a good song  ever seen it .Yes I did like that movie  I think it was the first Disney movie to be directed by a woman . For sure  that is a good stat  They need more women directing disney movies . Yes I think so  What do you think about the movie Big Hero    That was actually decent  it s not my favorite but it is impressive they used a        core computer to render it. Wow  I did not know  I liked that movie and it makes sense .Did you ever see the movie Up by the way  Apparently it would take   million balloons to actually lift the house LOL that s insane. Lol  that would be so many balloons  and so much helium  People would be talking funny for days if they all popped .Haha that s a good point  Do you think anyone has ever attached so many balloons to themselves that they floated away LOL.For sure  Do you have a favorite animal .Yes my favorite animal is the dog  Dogs are so awesome and that they love humans makes me happy haha what about you.Me too  I love dogs so much  There are    quintillion animals on planet earth  So many .That is a lot  What school is that you know how humans have a dominant side like you re right handed or whatever  Apparently dogs have a dominant paw side too LOL. Just like humans  that is awesome  Good chatting with you . Yes you as well  make sure to check your dog for a distinct dialect though  apparently depending on where animals are from they will sound different. for sure  bye 
conversation_562  hello  I love horses  One of my fav are the icelandic horses  They go very fast  . Hello  I love horses also  I like how the get along with the Dalmatians that are with firefighters that protect them .There was a fire here in LA and so many horse were saved by out firefighters  Any other animals were not very lucky  It was very sad  We need to do more to protect animals.oh wow  Here in Iowa we don t really see fires like that  But I agree we do need to protect animals.There are so many different kinds of animals in the world  many are going way too  We need to be more like Germany  Have you head of what they are doing .I have not really heard about what they are doing.they are projecting the rights of animals by giving them constitutional rights.that is a really good idea more counties should have that.yeah very cool right  We humans come from animals basically  Would you agree .I would agree.We have so much of the same DNA and how we used to have so much hair back in the day like over        years ago  That s crazy .I can t it been that long.could be  Probably is goes all the way back to Africa I ve recently learned  We are basically African animals at one point lol.I can see that  We sure have come along way since then.or not lol      I randomly learned sound can cause fear in humans  That s pretty wild.I believe that  I know there are some sounds that cause me fear.I wonder how that happens  ANy guesses .It s got to be something in the sound frequency.Yea I m just wondering what is in that which activates a fear in our human emotion  I wonder if we get that from animals  .We could have I am sure there are certain sound that cause them to fear.totally  Interesting conversation
conversation_563  hi   do you like animals   did you know the loch ness monster is a protected species  . I did not know that  That will come in handy once we find one  Also Germany was the first country in the world to universally give animals legal rights that were constitutionally guaranteed  This was in      . Sweet   hmmm domesticated animals develop a white patch   I wonder if that is only towards horses or all animals  . Yeah  I wonder if that occurs naturally or because of how they are bred .Maybe   I know Orcas dorsal fin tends to flop over in captivity but it the wild the dorsal fin it straight up . Interesting  There are so many things to learn about animals  especially knowing that there are    quintillion individual animals on planet earth .i wonder how many zeroes are in a quintillion lol That is a lot of animals   i love the discovery channel I watch a lot of animal shows    Did you know theres a breed of horse that has a fifth speed   I guess it is called a tolt .I heard a tolt is speedwalking for a horse  That s pretty funny . That is cool   horses got places to go   speed walking is helpful  .I can t imagine being allergic to horses  I would be devastated  Apparently Clint Eastwood developed an allergy to them although he has been on horseback in many of his movies . Yeah I know right   hes in so many western movies   I guess he had to take daily claritin for his allergies   . Haha  I am glad we get to use horses for leisure these days or for recording movies  haha  Historically they were used in warfare .did you hear about the lipizzaner horses   They are born a dark color and later turn white   Thats amazing . That s totally weird  I had not heard about that  Horses are great runners  but apparently we are the best distance runners .Maybe because we train with the knowledge we have to run far   Animals just run for fun or because they have to . Well  that makes sense  We also cannot synthesize vitamin c like plants or animals . Damn defective gene   Its ok   forces us to get out in the sun   . And drink lots of lemonade  yum  Haha . Yes   so refreshing   .PETA feels strongly about animals and says their treatment is a social justice issue  We keep learning how intelligent and sensitive animals are and so it kind of is but sometimes they can go too far .Yeah I feel very strongly about animals too .It s good that PETA teaches people to be kind of animals 
conversation_564  Hi  do you like animals .I do like them cant believe there are    quintillion animals out there.I was surprised that a white patch develops when animals are domesticated  Maybe that s why married men go grey   . Thats funny  that would make sense  animals have constitutional rights in Germany.Did you know that hiccups are an early evolution from land animals . I guess we are all animals and another fact that supports evolution  .Did you hit enter prematurely      I do that more than I would like to admit  I wonder what the loch ness monster evolved from . I did  I hate it when that happens  and I have no idea  good thing Nessie is a protected species  Since      at least .How long do loch ness monsters live for  How many are there  I have questions  I do not need answers though  I would like to know more about a sound frequency that causes fear in humans  I have enemies I need to vanquish . Well Nessie is a myth  hopefully one day we can find out if the myth is true or not  and thats sounds interesting didnt know there was a fear frequency for humans . Me either  Did you know we may have lost all of our body hair as recently as        years ago  As a swimmer  I still see a lot of hairy humans . I guess many of them didnt lose it lol  there are some hairy humans out there I agree with you.Did you know ribs grew back  That s crazy  How come other bones don t grow back  I broke my arm and that didn t grow back . I didnt know that  how long does it take for them to grow back  and that sounds painful.I wonder if they regrow in other animals like horses . Not sure about that  but that is an intersting question do you like horses .I do like horses but I am a little afraid of them  Do you like them . I do  specially Icelandic horses  unique species with a fifth speed. Is that a speedwalking speed  I only have   speeds  slow and nothing . Yeah thats speedwalking for a horse  Clint Eastwood is alergic to horses  I guess he doesnt like them that much.They do have big scary teeth  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_565  Hi  how are you .Fine  What about you  . I m good  thanks for asking   Do you like horses .Yes  Horses species are evolved over    to    million years ago  Human domesticated horses for many purpose like travelling and carrying goods .I like horses too   I hear that the only true wild horses are the Przewalski s horse   Did you know that . Its very interesting  Horses mainly used in riding  agriculture and competition purpose  In olden days it is used in warfare and travelling  It speedy escaped from its predators . Yes  I agree with you about that   On a side note  do you know that there are about    quintillion animals on planet Earth . Iceland horses have fifth speed  they are basically speed walking horses it very difficult to run in ice . That s funny  I ve seen those little horses and they are too cute . They are pony  When they are big use it for riding  Lipizzaner horses  known for their classical performances . Speaking of the Lipizzaner horses  did you know it takes about   years for them to turn white   They are either born totally brown or black . Now days  cops are using horses it is very amazing to see it . Yes  it is  I read that there is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans .Germany became first country in the world to constitutionally guaranteed legal rights . That s right   Did you know under the      Scottish protection of animals act  The Loch Ness monster is a protected species .If destroy any species can cause the breaking in the food web  It affect the eco system very much so only the government take steps to protect them  we should also try to protect it . Yes  we all have a responsibility to help keep the animals safe .We should plant trees also it provide space for birds also . So true  my friend   It has been estimated that there are over   million different animal species on Earth .Very interesting  The study of animals is called zoology  It is used to deal with animal disease also . You re correct   Well  it s been nice chatting with you this morning  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day 
conversation_566 Did you know animals are multicellular ekaryotic organisms . No didnt know that  but there are    quintillion of them in our planet.Really there are over     million living animal species that have been documented   And animals develop white patches on their head when they are domesticated . Thats a cool fact I wonder why  my dog doesnt have that patch  I might have to look at him closer  incredible how evolution acted on us  on species.Yea it is interesting I wonder why we dont have it as well as I feel like we have basically domesticated ourselves .Thats a valid point did you hear about the Loch Ness Monster and his status as a protected species. Yea it s really strange   It s really sad to think that so many horses died in war  so much more than humans   War is so cruel . It was a cruel war for horses  many  I hear Islandic horses have a fifth speed  .That is interesting   Horses were a powerful force in shaping our history   We harnessed their power to change the world . They were the tool to our rise in power  did you ever watch Clint Eastwood movies  he appaers in horses in fome of them  apparently his alergic to them.I have watched some   He makes good movies   Have you ever ridden a horse before  It is quite difficult . No  never had the chance  but it must be difficult and scary at first  Dalmatians calm and protect horses  I love dogs.Dogs are important to us too   Did you know two students rode theire horses to school and got suspended . Thats funny I did hear about that story  A on creativity and A  on the prank  .Did you know homo sapies came from Africa . No I didnt know that  as humans we began to show evidence of behavioral moderrnity around        years ago.Did you know hickups are leftover evolutionary behavior from when early lands animals had gills and lungs . No I didnt know that humans are an interesting specie  we can regrow ribs in just     months and they will be as strong as the original ones.Wait we can regrow whole ribs . Yeah we can  in just   to   months  ribs that have been surgically shortened.That is interesting 
conversation_567 What do you think of remakes of movies and cartoons .I enjoy remakes if they are done well .I think Disney is planning to remake the Lion King   Disney released the first trailer for next year for the Lion King remake .That s correct  Disney is calling the new Lion King remake a live action film but it relies almost exclusively on CGI so a lot of people consider it annimation . I do too  A related debate arose when Avatar was released  with the Visual Effects Society honoring James Cameron s      epic for  among other trophies  animated character in a live action feature motion picture.I agree that these kinds of films are skirting the line between traditional annimation and heavily CGI assisted live action films  With the improvements in the technology I m not sure it makes sense anymore to feel the need to classify such films in the traditional modes . Yeah I feel the same way of course Jon Favreau  the director of the Lion King remake has naturally walked down this valley before  with his update of The Jungle Book  . Yes  the difference being that the Jungle Book still had a human character and therefore a true live action person was seen on screen  The Lion King contains no humans and so it is likely that everything is CGI . Technology is all consuming  During the   s  disney recycled a lot of their animation frames  resulting in identical scenes in some movies. That was a different time  generating those frames took so long that it made sense to recycle those that you could  Creation is a much quicker process now with the aid of computer programs .Did you know that Frozen was the first animated Disney film directed by a woman .Yes I had heard that  Disney does a good job trying to increase representation in their films and parks when possible  They also dubbed the Lion King into Zulu for its African release .Makes sense i wasnt at all surprised when Disney acquired Marvel .I was  Disney has made some major moves lately but acquiring the much more adult properies of Marvel Studios was a bold move to me .Yeah Bold but incredible lucrative  They certainly have their eye on the future .True  They will make a lot of money off the films but even more in merchandise  They are also adding a Marvel Land to Disneys California Adventure that will be a big money maker for them .Yeah i considerate a smart but gutsy play as you said  On another note did you know that Over     million living animal species have been describedof which around   million are insectsbut it has been estimated there are over   million animal species in total.That s hard to imagine so many unknown species  I wonder where the estimate comes from . Speaking of animals In       germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights .I think that is much needed  All countries should honor and respect animal rights  Scotland has declared the Loch Ness monster a protected species .I agree i just hate it when animal lives some how trump human ones  nice talking to you.I m not sure I ve seen many situations where that occurs  It was nice talking to you as well .Last bit of info about animals is there are about    Quintilian individual animals on planet earth .Interesting  Hope you have a good rest of your day 
conversation_568 Do you often use the computer .Yes i do .It is amazing how far computers have come and how much a difference computers make for a device that simply carries out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations. yeah  i so agree    And with all that technology  Google built their first computer with the housing being made out of legos .Computers can be made of anything  Russians made a computer that ran on water and someone built a working   bit computer using nothing but basic minecraft building blocks .Yep    and Disney definitely takes advantage of the computer making CGI movies.Indeed  Hollywood too have been remaking beloved classics with new CGI technology and overall better technology thanks to computers.and we definitely benefit from it all as consumers .I am looking forward to the disney lion king s remake of the      classic.yeah me too    but i am classic kind of person though   should be interesting seeing it done in cgi though .What do you think of live action remakes .They are ok    like i said    much prefer the old school classics .I wonder if that is because that is what we grew up with and are nostalgic or if they are simply better in quality .yeah I am sure    I think the computer kind of takes away from the true art form.Who knows  Maybe one day we will reach a point were there won t be any distinction between films that rely on CGI painted performance and animated filmed that rely on photorealistic effects.That is scary     human action will never truly be replaced .Well transhumanists want to upload their minds into computers. That s just weird    but the way computers are going  it will definitely happen .I agree that the future is limitless  In any case thank you for the enjoyable chat  Who know maybe in the future our minds will be in these computers .well computers keep getting better.I concur  I hope you have a wonderful day 
conversation_569  Did You know that humans may have lost their body hair as recently as         years ago  . I think that fact is misleading  After all  we still have plenty of body hair today  I think it would be more accurate to say humans lost their fur  a consistent extensive hair covering  within the last         years ago .wow    we had fur     .What do you think animal hair is  That s why I find wearing actual animal fur so disgusting  I wouldn t wear the skin and hair of another human  Why would I want to wear the skin of an animal . no  what I meant was   did WE   humans had fur in the past  . Well  yes  Technically we still have fur today  although it is spotty   Fur is the covering of hair used to protect an animal and help it control its temperature and reactions to the climate .ok    I ve never thought about it this way   . I think once you adjust your mindset and realize how close we are to modern day animals  you begin to change how you think of the animals themselves .We are modern days animals   how so    we just sit all day and look at the monitor   . We re not just modern day animals  We ARE animals  Homo sapiens are part of Hominina  which is a subtribe of Animalia  how we classify animals  . Well at least from a name   ok  but we are logical  spiritual and very intelligent    I don t know if one can call us animals   . I disagree  I think animals are also very logical and intelligent  If you think about it  they are smarter than us  Humans are responsible for destroying the planet   and not only are we aware of that  we are consciously choosing to continue .   but the fact that we are self aware should make us something more than animals   .Animals are very much self aware  They can plan for the future and cater their reactions to their environments  That is why you see so much of the animal kingdom continuing to thrive in the face of human interference . Interesting    but You can t really say they are smarter than us    we may be more evil  but we are still smarter   . What do you think qualifies  or rather  quantifies  our intelligence .what do You mean   No other animal can understand math on level we can   . What do we use math to understand  Quantity and calculations  How do you think animals know how much food to store for winter  or which directions to migrate  or how to account for tides when navigating in the ocean . sure they are not stupid  but they won t build a computer processor   . Why do they need a computer processor  Animals have survived and thrived without electricity or any of the modern conveniences humans consider  essential  to our survival  I think the real sign of intelligence is the ability to not only survive but thrive in the face of challenges  and animals  excluding homo sapiens  have not only succeeded but excelled in doing so   all without damaging the Earth locations for other species . we don t talk about what they need or not  but about a fact they won t be able to build one because they don t understand high level calculations    . Why build what you don t need  Perhaps they have their own versions of technology  I don t think you can quantify or even compare human  intelligence  to that of the rest of the animal kingdom 
conversation_570 Do you like horror films . Not crazy about them unless they re real good like Steven King s Misery  but I think that s more thriller .Probably   You see  the first horror film that stephen king saw .Yes lol   bambi  funny   Far cry from what he writes today .Yeah    bambi was pretty scary though for a cartoon    so was Dumbo too .Maybe that s why boy from the shining didn t know he was acting in a horror firm   Now that was down right creepy .Holy cow   REally   That is creepy    but imagine how he felt once hee saw the film .Was reading the section on animals   There are about    quintillion of them   What a number   That s even higher then the national debt  lol.Hahahaaaa    now that s funny   That is a high number    but give it time    it will get there   LOL.That s the first I ve heard that number   How about hiccups being a holdover when animals had both gills and lungs   Weird .That is interesting for sure   Love that the Lochness monster is a protected species .Gonna have to remember that one   And maybe shave my dog s head to see if she has a white patch on her forehead  .really   I don t know if i buy into that .Thats one for google   All my dog and cat lover friends I think I ll starting calling them ailurophiles or cynophiles and see the looks they get on their faces .Well    i would surely give you a look of what the      Funny the first cloned animal was a cat and they named it copy cat . That s clever actually   Although I think cloning is weird   I wonder why you don t  own  pets but are guardians in boulder  co .Because they are a weird state and don t believe in owning anything that is alive.OH  makes sense I guess  I always was a aware thatTeddy Roosevelt had a bear and hyena   Didn t know he had over    pets though   Now he was a weird one too.That s true    and what the heck does one person do with that many pets   .Let them chase the white house aides around  .hahaaaaaa    great chat   have a good one 
conversation_571 Are you a fan of horror movies .Yes I like some of them  Do you know which movies Stephen King thinks is the scariest .Yes he thinks it is Bambi the one with the deer cartoon.Yes I guess the scene where the mom is killed can be scary.I guess so  Did you know you burn more calories watching them .Yes about     more calories than regular movies.I know  But there is good in watching horror movies too.Yes it is good to watch them before you go to an art gallery with abstract art. Yes as you enjoy it more  the brain is amazing.Yes it is  Do you know how they make the creepy noises in those movies .Yes there is an instrument called a waterphone that they use.Yes it is just too scary for my taste.Mine too  Do you like animals .I love them  Do you know how many are there .Yes about    quintillion but do not ask me how many zeroes are in that.Haha me too  Do you have any domesticated animals .Yes a cat and I hear they usually develop white patches on the forehead but mine does not have one. Mine does not either  I have a small dog  I wonder how valid this is.Me too  Did you know the Loch Ness Monster is a protected species . Yeah and no one has ever seen it  go figure  Nice chat .Same here and have a good one
conversation_572  did you know Stephen king was terrified as a child when he saw the movie bambi  calling it the first horror movie he saw . Yes  it s crazy that watching calories can burn more than     calories.i need to start watching morw scary movies haha i seen a thing called a waterline makes up most of the creepy sounds in horror films  How cool is that . I had no idea  I find it so funny that the boy from the shining had no idea he was acting in a horror movie until many years later.they do that alot with very young actors . I had no idea  but I m sure that would make sense since they re young and don t really know what is happening.and that way they won t be scared so much  i think it would be good . Have you ever heard that it is not legal to own pets in boulder  CO  You can be their guardian though  whatever that means .oh wow that s odd  i wish i could have studied zoology more in college .Me too  Also Theodore roosevelt had a ton of pets like a bear and a hyena. that s cool     i just read Under the provisions of the      scottish protection of animals act  the loch ness monster is a protected species        how cool is that   . That is awesome  Never would have heard of that  In Germany in      they became the first country to give animals constitunonal legal rights  crazy .that is crazy haha  So cat lover is known as an ailurophile and a dog lover is known as a cynophile .I wonder why I never learned any of that in school .in kind of wondering the same thing   The first cloned pet was a cat and its name was copy cat lol so funny. that is funny  I can t believe there are more tigers living as pets in the us than living wild in asia  I ve never met anyone that has a pet tiger.i haven t either  that would be a bit scary   Did you know There are about    quintillion individual animals on planet earth .I m not even sure that i know how many quintillion is to be honest   I think its so crazy that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated  I wonder how that even works  .it s alot haha and yeah i don t know how the whole dot thing would work either  that s so odd . That is odd  im going to have to look that one up for sure  Also insane how there are more pets in japan than children under     I would assume there would be billions of children there  .wow what weird rules there are  thanks for the chat    Bye now
conversation_573 Do you have a pet .I have a dog   I used to have two dogs and two cats . I love dogs  what is your dogs name .Popcorn   She kept jumping when she saw us for the first time at the rescue center .awww that is so cute  What kind of dog is it .Australian shepherd . I love those dogs  my brother has one  his name is Rogue  Amazing animals  Pets are great  I used to have a rat terrier named Rocky. Apparently  hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs . wow that is crazy to think  I wish we still had gills  it would make swimming more enjoyable lol. I agree    Apparently  loch ness monster is a protected species in Scotland . no way  the loch ness is one of    quintillion animals on earth  if it is real  are you a believer .I m not sure   Apparently Ernst Haeckel divided the animal kingdom into two groups . I wonder how he divided them  do you know .Animalia  multicellular  and Protozoa  single cell . wow  you think they would have more than that lol  Crazy  speaking of pets though I just remembered the boulder it is not legal to own a pet  but instead be the guardian  how do you feel a bout that. It s rather strange  I must say . Yea  it is not like they can consent to anything or make their own decision mostly  I don t know  I think boulder is kind of strange area too lol. I have never been there   Most of pets are used by humans as company  protection and entertainment   Some people use pets as working animals . Here is a crazy fact to end with  There are more tigers living as pets in the USA than living wild in asia  very interesting  It was so great chatting with you . Wow  I did not know that   Nice chatting with you too .Have a great weekend 
conversation_574 Hey have you ever seen the movie show dogs  You think it s appropriate for kids. It has been awhile  but I know it is said to be kid friendly  Are you a dog fan . Yes I love dogs  I love how they are Man s Best Friend  what about you .Definitely a dog person  According to Google s code of conduct they state they are a dog company . Well that s good to know  Also good to know that dogs are not actually colorblind  they only can see limited colors though oh  that makes me feel better.I know  It goes against all I was ever taught   Dogs really are great  They were the first species to be domesticated . Yep that s impressive  Also impressive that they have    different blood types  I wonder if they do dog blood drives.I have heard that they do  Dogs do take on some pretty amazing roles for humans from hunting and herding to companionship and coming to the aid of disabled people . Yes dogs are so nice and also useful for helping humans  I also like how istanbul has trained dogs to grab the trash in their city in exchange for treats. Oh  that s great  Dogs are so smart  I know dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing . Yes you re right  I wonder if gorillas can understand that or if they can t  What do you think about movies with dogs  I would like dog comedies myself like the movie Isle of dogs.I think they re cute  I have not seen that one . Yeah it s actually really good  I like a lot of comedies  especially the movie Kung Fu Hustle.I don t think I ve heard of that  I see a lot of action movies like Deadpool since I have boys that are older . Yes I like Deadpool  I didn t really care for Deadpool   but it was ok  what did you think.Deadpool   is pretty bloody and raunchy with a lot of references to pop culture that I m not sure my teen understood . It s definitely a movie more for adults  did you see that Ryan Reynolds actually does the voice of the mystery villain in that movie though  I will want to watch Deadpool   at some point. No  I did not  I ll have to check it out   I do like that DP  was targeted toward adults so maybe   will do the same  It makes it more tolerable . Yes it s definitely going to Target adults  did you hear that James Cameron and David Fincher both were instrumental in getting the first Deadpool movie made. No  I had no idea  What did they do . They just kept petitioning the studio which was   th Century Fox to go forward with the project  they felt it would be a success
conversation_575  hi  do you like dogs .Hi and yes i love dogs   I like how they are related to wolves   I wonder what their original ancestor was like   Do you like dogs . I love dogs  they have    types of blood.I had no idea about that   i guess that means it s hard for them to get blood transfers when they need one .yeah but good things is that there are dog blood drives.Are there really   I have never seen or heard about one before  I would definitely take my dog to give blood if I could .Yeah not sure which countries have them though  do you know how tou can help dogs in Istanbul .I  think I have heard about that country having vending machines for food and water for stray dogs  All that is required for payment is plastic bottles . yeah I really like that approach  that is super nice for the dogs and the environment. I like it too   America and actually  all other countries  should adopt that approach   Dogs are very smart  They are the only animal other than an elephant that understands pointing . that is true  you are right  google even prefers dogs.I am glad to hear that for some reason   I like knowing that one of my favorite sites to use likes dogs  I am surprised though that they have taken a stand regarding it .yeah it is in their code of conduct even.Pretty impressive   I will tell you something equally as impressive   I know for a fact that dogs watch television   They are not colorblind and they understand a great many of our words .yeah they just see less colors than we do.They have had such a long history of association with humans thought that they understand human behavior . yeah exactly  they are known as our best friends after all.Yes they are   It s weird to me that they can thrive on a starch rich diet   It seems like they would prefer to have meat . yeah  it is their diet from the wild so that makes sense. Now that you mention it  it does  I have seen stray dogs that have been dumped by people eat corn and grass in fields before   It s sad that people dump dogs  especially when they can do so many different things   Dogs are not only great hunters but are also great in therapy roles as well . They sure are  we must be grateful to have them around  nice chat
conversation_576 Hello.Hello  Do you know the dog as the first species to be domesticated .I did   Had a discussion with a friend of mine about it last week   They are all a bunch of little wolves .Their ancestry does go back to the wolf but dogs are more suited for human companionship . Yeah  they took a notion to getting access to food   Cats never really changed  they are still just cats   Mini lions and tigers  really .My own dog is good for hunting and for protection  I have a Boston .Then your dog would be welcome at Google   They are apparently anti cat there .I heard that as well  Dogs are the perfect companion and well behaved if trained properly . I had honestly never heard of  Dog Blood Drives  until today   I really did not know that was a thing .I found it surprising that dogs have    different blood types  My dog has never donated blood . Here s my thing   People say that only dogs and elephants understand pointing   Okay  that s fine  but what about apes  monkeys and corvids   They are all relatively smart  as animals go   Seems to me that there would be some inherent pointing in there somewhere .I would agree that that point is hard to believe  I know apes and monkeys are able to point as well .The not being color blind part is interesting as well   I had always been taught that dogs just see in shades of grey .I need to start one of the vending businesses to provide stray animals with food and water in exchange for recyclables  Great idea . It is a cool idea   Too bad the animals can t pay for it though   I know that crows understand barter  but I dunno about the rest of them   It doesn t seem super profitable .I would do it just to repay dogs for all the companionship they provide to the disabled  They are truly man s best friend in my book .You do make a really good point   I haven t seen Deadpool   yet  I sure do hope there are dogs in it .Ryan Reynolds does a great job playing in Dead Pool  The movie is immensely popular.It sounds like it   We are really looking forward to seeing it   It sounds like a great comedy film .It is hard to believe that it is already the   th installment in the series by   th Century FOx. Yeah  they have done REALLY well with the franchise   I m excited for what comes next 
conversation_577 Dogs or cats . Dogs of course  you .Dog for sure all day  Even google likes dogs more. Yeah they are a dog company  and thats  a great thing  I love dogs . Me too  do you have a dog . I have a dog  a golden retriever  do you  interesting how they can have up to    different types of blood. I have a rat terrier  I love him so much  His name is rocky and he is a boss  i did not know that about the blood  I wonder if they have blood drives. There are also blood drives for dogs yes  and sounds like a cute little fellow  . What  He is awesome  getting old though but lots of good memories  Did you know dogs and elephants are the only ones that respond to pointing  My dog loves that. I didnt know that  I guess both are really smart animals  dogs can also see color so that makes them kind of unique .For sure  Did you ever see Deadpool   . I did  that movie was so fun  I really liked it  did you like it .It was actually really good  I liked lady luck  Do you like comedy films . I do like them yea  one of my favorite actors is Bill Murray. Me too  I love me some Bill Murray movies  have you seen Kung Fu Hustle . I have seen it yeah  why do you ask . Was it comedy gold like Bill Murray said it was  or was he being sarcastic . It was comedy  I liked it  but I wouldnt call it the supreme achievement  I think he was sarcastic when he said that. lol  that is so like Bill Murray  It was so nice talking with you . He is a grea actor  I like him as well  another great actor is Ryan Stiles  so funny. For sure  that guy never graduated high school  Look how far he has come  Have a great day  Give you dog some hugs for me . That sounds like a hard call  not going to high school to persue a carreer in comedy and I will  you do the same with yours  
conversation_578 I am not a fan of Mitch McConnell   The senate majority leader has gone somewhat nuts . Good afternoon  I try to avoid the political shenanigans   It s just one shyster trying to get something over on the other guy  all the time   .Yes but even in      the CIA was meeting with senior congressional leaders over the fact that Putin had authorized an operation to destabilize our election. That s Putin for you  he s going to do that  hard to believe it took the CIA needing to tell them he was doing it   I m sure all of our  frenemies   do the same thing and we do it to them  too .Yes but it is scary that McConnell is denying the evidence and claiming that it is just a scheme by the CIA to discredit Trump   He does not believe all of our national security agencies . On a different and much happier note than all that crazy political mess  do you realize the consistent use of the red and blue colors for Republicans and Democrats only started in        That s probably about the time it started to get real ugly in politics .Yes that is crazy but it has been ugly for a while   Harry Truman visited disneyland and refused to be photographed on the dumbo ride because it might associate him with republicans . You know the voter turnout for a US presidential election hasn t breached       in the last     years   I m going to be watching       I think Trump can break that .Certainly he has    percent of the country who think he is doing a horrible job so it might increase the turnout   Too bad we can t have third parties   there has not been one elected since     . Actually  I think there are that many that WANT to vote for him and are going to turn out to vote against whatever candidate the Dems throw up there   That third party thing has never seemed to work out too well  a shame .Well if he grew a beard it might help his chances   every president with a beard ever has been a republican. Well  that s a Southern  Texas thing  a beard and that is the base for the Republicans  so that makes perfect sense to me  But  I usually look at the taller candidate  they seem to win     of the time  so maybe the Dems should be looking for them a giant .That is a good point   Beto O Rourke is crazy tall   maybe he will win    I think Nevada has the right plan   they have a none of these candidates option on their ballot. Or do what the officials in Ancient Athens did and appoint by lottery   It you get picked  you get picked  do the job  and then move on and let the next one be picked to serve   Probably more fair of a way than all the BIG money being pumped by both sides .I agree   Though I might go for term limits other a true lottery   I can think of a lot of my friends who I would not want making decisions in the government . Oh  I got a few of them kind as well  friend   I didn t realize that in the      US elections international electoral observers were blocked from the polls in nine states   I wonder if the CIA knew about that   Maybe they were trying to pull something to affect our elections .Yes there has been some craziness over the years   I mean one year the ballot counting in Florida was stopped by the brother of the guy running for President   how would that have looked if it had happened in Africa or somewhere   Fishy . You know I m from Florida and I love the Bush family   They are good people and I remember them elections well  all we heard on mainstream media was this county here is majority Democrats  but how is it that     voted for the Republican candidate   We re all registered Democrats  but vote Republican . Why register Democrat then     By       the Republican party has firmly aligned with Christian conservatism  and has its chief support from the south  the great plains and the mountain states . Once a great while ago  the Democrats did represent us  though it no longer does now  Me for example if I want to have more  opportunities  to vote in Local elections  I have to be registered how the majority of the candidates are registered as   So  if only Democrat candidates are running  well I better be a Democrat for awhile on paper and switch back after the election   Designation means NOTHING   Leftists need to learn that lesson   Everybody knows the coast and big cities are Democrats and rural south and heartland states are Republicans .Absolutely   I have voted in Republican primaries in Texas for the most moderate candidate before 
conversation_579 Hey do you ever play video games  Have you ever played the game The Thin silence.hi how are you  i used to play video games  The Thin Silence  i havent heard of it . Yes apparently it s being developed by Two PM Studios  it sounds really crazy it uses the look of videogames from the    s.What  the   s  like NES and stuff   Why  seems odd .Yes I think so  Do you play any video games by the way . i used to play a long long time ago  havent played recently  the systems look cool  but i dont have the time LOL. Yeah I hear you on that haha  It s funny that initially video games were called  cathode ray tube Amusement devices LOL that sucks all the fun out of them. That is a totally military name  too many words  too official sounding  pointless .Have you ever visited South Korea  Apparently if you re under    it s illegal for you to play video games after midnight haha.I think that there is a video game craze there  plus there are games cafes that are open all night. That sounds pretty cool  Did you ever play a video game based on Toy Story  Apparently Tom Hanks his brother  Jim Hanks  does all of the voices for Woody in the video games. that s great  Tom has enough money  and his brother could use the work  how would you like to be his brother  That would be tough  overshadowed by Tom. It would be tough but you re still making a lot of money haha  Have you ever played the Harry Potter video games or even LittleBigPlanet  Apparently this guy Stephen Fry does the narration in those games  I bet he also makes a lot of money. I have not  Stephen is a tremendous screen talent as well  i dont know how old he is  but he has been around for decades  wrote a book too  i think.Oh wow that s cool  Do you like any movie soundtracks by the way  I know we were just talking about Toy Story and that has a good soundtrack. Toy Story was tremendous  great casting  great characters  great story  great tunes  . Yeah I agree with you  I also like the Jaws soundtrack  the Jaws theme is incredible  And Steven Spielberg even makes an appearance on the soundtrack because he plays the clarinet on it LOL.I did not know that spielberg played the clarinet  thats great  i wonder how many other soundtracks he played on . That s a good question  have you ever seen the movie O Brother Where Art Thou  Apparently it s soundtrack was certified   times Platinum. Yeah  that was a great film  Clooney sang the song originally  then they found a real singer . Haha you re right  I think Phil Collins is a great singer  he did the soundtrack for Tarzan  and then recorded it in like five different languages  that s impressive in my opinion 
conversation_580 hey did you know the Senate used a gavel for     years until Nixon cracked it.Hello   no I did not know that  Pretty cool . ya he ruined it  there is a Candy desk in the senate apparently  sounds delicious .That does sound pretty good  Michael Jordan once responded that republicans buy shoes too so he didn t endorse the democratic candidate . haha well I wish more people took his advice and kept out of politics  really weird that women couldnt wear pants in the senate until     .haha yea I was just reading that  Said something about staging a protest wearing pantsuits .ya it was Barbara Mikulski and Carl Moseley who did a protest by wearing pantsuits.That s funny  Did you know there hasn t been a president who wasn t a republican or democrat since      . no that is kind of crazy  also crazy is that only republicans have beards apparently  no democrat presidents have had one.Wow that s crazy I had no idea they never have had a beard as a democrat . no I didn t either  also crazy is that the use of red and blue colors only started in      for repubs and ems.Interesting    I didn t know that either  The last republican was elected  president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was      . wow  but I think that is outdated information because Trump is now president haha.Yea I think so too lol  What are your thoughts on Trump .Eh I don t talk politics but I do think it s funny that Truman wouldn t get a picture taken with Dumbo because he didn t want to be associated with the republican party .haha yea that s funny  I try not to talk politics myself . yup jost not worth it  did you know that in athens they used to choose elections by just the lottery . That s pretty crazy they used the lottery for elections  I saw that since       the taller candidate has won the presidential election     of the time . ya so the democrats should maybe run a basketball player in       haha  but ya its scary that in      international election observers were blocked from   states.HAHA that s a good one . haha  also I think we should all do what nevada does and have a  none of these candidates  options when we vote
conversation_581  Hi  how are you .Not bad    Do you know anything about Mitch McConnell .I know very little  I used to watch a ton of politics but not any more  Too depressing  What about you .I agree     The Brett Kavanaugh thing was quite a debacle .Yeah  Unlike the gavel they use for     year  That thing was solid .Did you know the Senate still could choose the Vice President if the vote does not results in one candidate with a majority .I did not  I would like to use the obsure rule and arrest enators to vote  Seems like a good plan .A prison with a candy desk cannot be too terrible . Well  it s still a prison  Did you mean Senate  I mean they may be synanyms    . Yes     You arrest someone  you take them to prison  whether it is a jail or the Senate .HA  I get it now  Im an idiot  Nice joke .Did you know ever president has been a republican or democrat since      .Women were not allowed to wear pants until       Sees sexist . That is true   Maybe they did it right in ancient athens  where leaders were appointed by lottery .I had no idea that GOP stood for Grand Old Party  Seems like a really old white thing   . Well  every president with a beard was Republican  so who knows .Truman refused to go on the dumbo ride for fear of being pictured on a elephant   . Truman was not a tall fellow  so might have trouble in contemporary politics .I had no idea that red and blue for parties only started in      . Yes     If they changed the colors  do you think voter turnout might surpass       .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_582  Hi  do you enjoy conspiracy theory . Hello   I do enjoy them  Not that I believe most  but they make you think  What about you .I do not follow them but I do find humor in them so I will listen  I guess Mitch McConnell is one .Same here  Do you know much about the US senate . I know a little  What about you  do you know a lot .Just a little  I know Jordan was once asked why he wouldn t endorse black democratic candidate Gantt which Jordan said republicans buy shoes too . That s the kind of leadership I expect from Jordan  They had the same gavel until Richard  the Hulk  nixon broke it .Me too  Haha that s hilarious he broke it .Maybe he had some of that candy from the senate floor .Possibly  Did you know Hillary Clinton was president of the young republicans in college .I wonder why she switched Roosevelt created the bull moose party after being rejected by the GOP .Not sure on that  There is a republican vs democrat baseball game every year since      . Wow  that s cool but also  shouldn t they worry about the nation  I knew bull moose wouldn t work because every president has been a republic or democrat since      .I think so too  The only American president to propose a minimum income was Richard Nixon .Wow  Good trivia  Like every bearded president has been republican .That s interesting too  A dog beat two people in a mayoral election and server as mayor for    years .I would feel bad if I were those two  Red and blue were not used until       Seems like that is really recent .That s very recent  I would have never guessed that .I wouldn t have guessed Truman to be insecure but he didn t want to go on the dumbo ride for fear of being associated with republicans .LOL I didn t know he was that insecure .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_583 Hi  You play video games  I think it s funny they were intially called cathode ray tube amusement devices .I know I am so glad we switched to just calling them video games.Yes so much easier  In South Korea it s illegal for kids    and under to play video games past midnight  I would have broken the law a lot if I grew up there .Me too and I wonder how they can tell  Do you know who Stephen Fry is . Isn t he that narrator who narrated little big planet  and some other games as well  I thought his name sounded familiar  I would probably recognize his voice  . Yes he did that and the harry potter and hitchhiker s guide to galaxy  such a talent.Very cool  Tom Hanks brother voice must sound quite similar because he voices Woody in the video games .Cool  Do you know how many hours of video games we play as a planet in a week .  billion hours  That is so hard to believe but they are so much fun .I know they are  Do you listen to soundtracks .Yeah I loved the Bohemian Rapsody soundtrack cause Queen is awesome  The Jaws soundtrack was cool and Spielberg actually played the clarinet in the soundtrack .THat guy is so talented  Did you know Phil Collins did the soundtrack for Tarzan in   languages . No I only heard it in English  But yeah looks like it was in Italian  German  Spanish  and French  Very cool .I know Did you know that Duft Punk did the Tron Legacy soundtrack .Yeah I do know that  They negotiated the soundtrack over a pancake breakfast .Yeah pretty cool and they were wearing the robot helmets.How could they eat with those lol  Each of the track titles on the Batman begins soundtrack is the name of the genus or family of bat . That is so creative actually  Did you know the soundtrack for Oh Brother  Where Art Thou is certified platinum .I loved that soundtrack and movie  Certified   times platinum actually  Well it was great talking with you good night . Pretty impressive  Same here  have a good one.Bye 
conversation_584 hey my friend did you ever see the movie Jaws . I did  I thought it was scary back in the day  what are your thoughts on the movie . oh its scary and its a classic  and I guess the director played the clarinet in the soundtrack. Yeah I heard Spielberg played the clarinet  I must say he is pretty good  never imagined it was him.did you see the movie o brother where art thou  Directed by the coens . No  I think I didnt watch that one  who is Coens  . theyre brothers that direct movies together  but anyway the soundtrack is good it was certified platinum   times. It was pretty good  scary as well  I think the soundtrack is one of the most important factors for the success of the movie. oh ya definitely  do you like Phil collins btw . I do like him  he recorded the sountrack for Tarzan right . ya he did  in like   different foreign languages too  that s impressive . It is impressive he must be really smart  that s not an easy feat. no I agree  I would definitely have gone right for the professionals  I wouldn t have stayed in college haha.Do you like Daft Punk . I do actually  didn t they negotiate the tron contract over pancakes  Pretty awesome . Yeah  over a pancake breakbast  Tron Legacy was a great movie and the soundtrack was supreme. oh I agree  also crazy is the batman begins soundtrack names its tracks after different types of bats. Thats an interesting fact  I love Batman movies and havent noticed that detail  do you play video games . I do  I played the NES up to the Nintendo Switch haha what about you . Same bought the original system and also have a switch now  I m a Nintendo fan . ya I agree  its crazy though that we as a society play about   billion hours of videogames each week. That seems like a lot of time wasted  I wonder how Jane Mcgonigal did his calculations 
conversation_585  Hi  how are you . Good  thank you   yourself  do you play video games . I am well  thanks for asking  I used to play a lot but I got married and my priorities shifted  What about you .no not really  my kids do though  did you know the creator of atrari made chuckie chese to get kids to play games .Really     That s so interesting  What a crazy idea to get people to play video games .Video gaming wasn t as big then  I remeber my kids playing mortal kombat  Do you know that why they started rating video games .Mortal combat is why they started rating video games  That seems like a benign game though . It does now  but when it first came out  It seemed really violent  Australia probably banned it .South Koreans      under cannot play video games past midnight  Seems agist .I think they want them to concentrate on getting some sleep  Video games make more money then films do . That seems odd but I guess if you add in things like facebook games  that makes sense .and the price doesn t seem to go down for video games like it does for movies  Is there any soundtrack from a video game you like .Not really  I cant even think of a soundtrack for a video game  Is that a thing .It is  My guys like Mach the knife from some game  Introduced them to    s and    s music  Have you heard of the bank JP MOrgan .I have heard of that bank  Do you use them . no  but I read a fact the other day  Did you know they bailed the US government out of debt in       I wonder if they are the Federal reserve .HA  I think they got a huge bail out in      so I think we are even   .Good deal  Were you affected by the recent government shutdown .I was not  I was saddened by it  Were you affected .No thankfully  But I was surprised by the folks not having saved any money  The government has shut down    times in the last    years .Such a shame    Nice chatting with you 
conversation_586 Have you heard the recent stuff about Kavanaugh . Somewhat  Never know what to believe . Yeah  I hear McConnell is out to destroy his reputation  or whatever is left of it . Really  Did you know since the      s in elections the taller person usually won     of the time .I heard that   We gotta start looking for some tall people to run in     . lol  Using the lottery to appoint leaders is scary like they did in ancient Athens  .Very true   I wouldnt just want any random politician in charge . True  They thought it would lead to oligarchy . It could have   I think we need what Nevada has  a none of these candidates option on the ballot .I was thinking the same thing  Why are they the only state  All states should have that .It would really let the government know what the people are thinking . I agree  I m surprised its only republican presidents that have had beards . Yeah  there havent been that many at that either . Two  lol Its funny they have a candy desk at the senate filled with chocolate bars and jellybeans .Id be claiming that as my desk   I heard all the candy is made in PA. Yes  I bet it helps keep their sugar levels up while making important decisions  .When the actually do that   It seems like they are always out and rarely in session. lol  yes  I m surprised it wasn t until      that women could wear pants on the senate floor  . I know   I cant believe it took that long  Iam glad Mikulski and Braun staged that protest .Too bad Richard Nixon cracked the senate gavel that was     years old  It must be in a museum somewhere now  Good chat  .Have a good day 
conversation_587 Are you afraid of snakes . Hi  I am a little  but I was surprised there are none in New Zealand . Sounds like a perfect place for me lol  Im terrified of them. Wow  I can understand   I am more terrified of crocodiles  but it seems they are closer to birds than to snakes .Some snakes can even fly to catch their prey so thats scary. Wow  I would like to see that   And did you know its head is designed to swallow prays larger than them. Yeah I did know that  thats actually a bit disgusting  watching them eat prey.It looks like monkeys are terrified of snakes too . They are  monkey are smart  they should stay as far as they can of snakes  dangerous animals.Maybe you are terrified of snakes  But do you like dancing . Thats something im not afraid off  im not a good dancer but I try  do you like to dance . Yes  but I did not kow Bruce Lee was a great dancer  .He was  wasnt he also famous for his martial arts skills. Yes  and he won in      a cha cha championship in Hong Kong. Oh so he won a chacha championship  that must require a lot of dancing skills  .That is right   Maybe he started since he was a baby  They love when they hear the beat and they even smile . Thats really nice  watching a baby dance  did you like Michael Jackson as a dancer .I think he is great   he has great dance moves and I always remember the way he leaned in smooth criminal. I agree with you  he had great moves  do you remember the device he used to lean  he has that one patented. I do not know the name  but I would like to find out    Did you know Tupac danced in school in the Nutcracker  as the King Mouse . I didnt  thats a fun fact  thanks for the chat  its been nice having a conversation about dancind  not so much about snakes  but great dance talk  thanks  have a nice day
conversation_588  Good morning   So  the other day I was shopping for a shirt and then I heard that originally shirts used to be an item worn exclusively by men   How strange .Maybe because women only wore dresses . Maybe  that would make sense   In America we will call most anything a shirt  but in British English it is specifically what we would refer to as a dress shirt   That could be confusing if you are visiting another country . Oh  so that is probably what they meant women did not used to wear dress shirts . Maybe   I am glad I don t work somewhere I have to wear dress shirts or button up shirts   There are also button down shirts  which is where the collar also has buttons . If you re in Hawaii  the official business attire is the aloha shirt  That seems fun .Which is why I love Hawaii so much   Aloha shirts are great . In China gangs used to layer on as many shirts as possible  That seems  um  uncomfortable . Yeah  and they used to pop the collars   I remember when popping your polo shirt collar was a fashion around here .It s interesting that polo shirts were invented for one specific tennis player . Yeah  the ones with the crocodile on them .It s interesting that they got named polo shirts since polo players didn t adopt them until later .It s funny how clothing gets certain names . Yes  it is  I like to wear polos when I go out  I think they are fancy enough for a night out  I d like to attend a monthly music fest that occurs at Gee s club .Oh yeah   I have heard about that place   What kind of music is played there . They play oldies  Since about a year and a half ago since the death of Royal Torrence  it s been a monthly affair  .That sounds like a lot of fun   I heard they have a lot of different musicians that play there . Yeah  it is pretty popular  It s only a    donation . Oh wow  that s neat that it is a donation and not a mandatory cover   I am sure a lot of people go there to drink and dance and listen to all kinds of music . Yeah  it s cool that it started to celebrate someone s life when they died  Much cooler than a funeral .I agree   We should celebrate life any way that we can and celebrate the people that are no longer with us   I will have to go check out the Gee Club sometime . Barbara Washington says she doesn t care if you re young or old  let the good times roll  It s fun for all ages . Well  thank you for telling me about it   I am always looking for new and exciting places to visit 
conversation_589 Hi there   Looking forward to chat with You     .Thanks and hello . Hey  any chance You re Bruce Lee fan  .Oh Yea   You .Big time   Did You hear that Bruce lee was also a great dancer and he won the hong kong cha cha championship in       .I did hear that   Emilia clarke did the funky chicken and robot dance at the audition for daenerys targaryen .I am such a big fan of hers .Did you know that there was an episode of mr  rogers where he learned to breakdance.I would love to see that  Did You see a movie about him   I ve heard it s good . No  I haven t seen it but watched his show growing up .I m from Poland and I got here like    years ago    I ve never seen it but I admire who he is and what he did   .That s cool   I ve never been to Poland   There are ballet slippers that make drawings from the dancer s movements.Probably looks like a  year old drawing   . Probably  the first moonwalk ever recorded was performed by tap dancer bill bailey in      .   so it s not MJ who invented it  .I guess not   He must have taken it and run with it though    and screamed also.lol    but that walk got famous just because Michael   .Absolutely it did   That dude could dance .Yes he did   and sing        and I don t believe to all that nasty stuff they were saying about him   .There has been some rough stuff said about him for sure . yes    but once he paid    everything was fine    sorry  if something happened to my child  no money in the world would make it fine    that s why I don t believe in that   .Money makes people crazy seems like  Enjoyed chat   Can you click done .it s been a pleasure   Good day   
conversation_590  I don t much like winter  but at least there are no snakes outside   Carnivorous reptiles can be dangerous if they are poisonous .Or you can go to New Zealand where there are no snakes   I wonder how that happened and none got there accidentally like on plane rides . Yeah  you would think over time some would have gotten there   Even stranger are that there are actually flying snakes that can launch themselves at prey .I wonder where those are   I hope not to see those   The fear of snakes certainly is hard wired into not only monkey brains but my brain too . I never really knew monkeys were afraid of snakes  but I guess it makes sense   I wonder if they are also afraid of the legless lizards that aren t snakes   Sounds similar to me .Could be  Did you know that crocodiles are more closely related to birds than snakes and lizards   I m not sure how when they look so much like a lizard . Agreed  but I remember actually reading that somewhere before   What I didn t realize though was that their organs were lined up one in front of the other instead of side by side .What kind of dancing do you like   Perhaps the cha cha like Bruce Lee .I m not much of a fan of dancing   Went back in college to a nightclub adjoining a liquor store somewhere on the Baltimore Washington Parkway   The name escapes me though .There are lots of dance clubs in the cities   Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music and smile more when they hit the beat   How cute to see a baby dance . Yeah  lots of cute videos of babies dancing   They usually aren t wearing pointe shoes in those videos   Professional ballet dancers can go through   pairs of those in a week .Have you seen Disney s new Nutcracker movie   I didn t get a chance   But Tupac danced ballet in high school and played the mouse king in a production of nutcracker in high school .I have not   I m more of a fan of Michael Jackson and his style of dancing   He actually has a patent on a device to allow him to do that extreme lean . Did you ever have a Michael Jackson shirt or glove   I prefer polo shirts  though  They originally were invented for tennis by Rene  crocodile  lacoste and later adopted by polo players  . No  was a fan but not that much of a fan   And certainly wouldn t have been a fan of layering as many shirts as you could like they did in china . If you are a fan of khakis  you could fit in at Billy May s funeral as the pallbearers wore blue shirts and khaki s .I like Billy mays   He always cracked me up in his infomericals   I could see him wearing aloha shirts to work too like they typically do in hawaii instead of suit and ite . Yes  while most in American business are wearing dress shirts like suits and ties  Hawaiians can sport the aloha shirt   How cool that is . Very cool   Well  it s been nice chatting with you today . Yes  hope to make it to Hawaii some day so I can sport the Hawaiian fashion and take in the beauty there .Me too   no popped collars like they used to wear in China there .Nice talking with you   Time to get out my polo shirt for work 
conversation_591  Hello   do you know much about fish   .I know a little about fish I think they are interesting  I know that black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weight  I am very impressed with that fact . That is pretty amazing   I don t think I could eat that much   but sometimes it feels like I do   did you know there a breed of jelly fish and lobster that is immortal   Of course its only immortal if no one kills it lol but it literally can live forever .I actually have heard that before and wondered why we are not studying jellyfish more to find out how and why that is possible  Could we use that to our benefit in any way I wonder . I do not know   I just seen it on Blue Planet on Netflix lol maybe their organs do not age after a certain poing lol .Maybe  I would really like them to find out more about that  Did you know that a seahorse is the only fish with a neck .Yeah that is interesting   Some fish look like they have necks though lol so they have necks and can carry a baby good for them . Yes some do but only the seahorse truly does  Freshwater fish only  drink  water through their skin via osmosis  while saltwater fish also drink water through their mouths  I wonder how evolution made that chnage in the two .Yeah you would think drinking salty water through your mouth would taste bad lol.For us I m sure it would  I wonder how their sense of taste differs  The last fish fact I have is that    per cent of genes known to be associated with human diseases have counterparts in the zebrafish . Oh wow   I dont even know that fish   I hope it looks like a Zebra   Do you like Jazz .I m not a big fan but I certainly appreciate the genre and the performers .It looks like clint eastwood is a jazz fan   I wouldve thought country lol.That is surprising  I know he is a big fan of music because he has scored several films  including Million Dollar Baby .That movie was so sad   Did you know Pakistan has a jazz orchestra .It was  No I was not aware of that  I wonder what that is like  I did know that a Harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every sunday for    years  top performers occasionally stop by . Wow that is smart   also she keeps all the money instead of giving money to a venue lol awesome  . Very good business model  I heard that is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition  and functional programs have jazz like harmonies .I hear jazz trumpeters grow goatees for comfort .I guess the instrument would irritate your face over a long time period  Do you enjoy fantasy by any chance .Like fantasy football   I have never lol Its been good chatting though 
conversation_592 Are you a big fan of sushi .Yes  I love sushi .Have you heard of Sushi Nakazawa  It s a in D C . I have  I think it s on Pennsylvania Avenue . Yeah  that s the one  I have never been to DC  If I have the money  maybe I ll head over there  Have you seen Jiro Dreams of Sushi  Great film . Oh you definitely should go  If I can recommend the testing menu  it s a little pricey at      but worth every penny  I adore that film  .The tasting menu at Sushi Nakazawa  How many times have you gone . Yes that s the one  I have went twice  Once on a date and the other for a work dinner with my client  Every course is a surprise  there isn t actually any menus . You ve got to be a real foodie to take a risk like that  Most of my friends wouldn t go because they couldn t choose  Some people love an adventure  Some don t  It s a bit like the jazz of restaurants  right  A bit of improvisation .That is definitely a good example  Did you know Clint Eastwood loves jazz  He has even scored a bunch of films. yeah  he sings at the end of the film Gran Turino  He s good on piano  not so good with the singing  . Oh wow  I didn t know that .Do you play an instrument  What other jazz musicians do you like . I don t play any instruments  I wish I was that talented  I m a bit of a  nerd I m really into fantasy films  novels and video games  I love Gypsy Jazz  it s so random  How about you  Do you play any instruments . I used to play the guitar some  but I didnt get good so I listen now  I do like jazz  especially Miles Davis . I listened to alot of Miles Davis growing up  my father was a huge fan .There s a jazz orchestra in Pakistan that is at the top of the charts  Jazz knows no bounds .Pakistan  Wow  I would have never guessed it would be so popular there  Another fun fact about jazz is the trumpeters started growing goatees so it would be more comfortable while they played.And I thought it was some sort of jazz bo style  TIL something about trumpeters  Thanks .Haha .Thanks 
conversation_593 Do you like Fish . I love fish  I like eating them and seeing them  you .Me too  Did you know that the seahorse is the only fish to have a neck . That is so interesting  I did not know that  but makes sense  I don t know if you like jelly fish or not but there is one that is immortal. Yeah  I ve heard that  I m not sure how that is possible  . Right  what if you blend it or do other things to it  it just won t die .I m not sure  It will probably die  I think it is a lie . I think so too lol  I wouldn t mess with the black swallower fish though  it can eat prey twice its length. Yeah  can it eat a human though  . I doubt it lol  but I never want to find out either  It can eat   x its weight so who knows.Ever listen to jazz . I love jazz music  it has been around so long  how about you.I do  Apparently so does Clint Eastwood  He is a lifelong Jazz enthusiast . That makes sense  it seems that at the end of most of his movies has jazz playing  I wonder if his new movie will have the same.I m not sure  Interesting because today is Fat Tuesday  I just realized that . wow I did now that either  That gives me an excuse to pig out and listen to jazz  I wonder if pakistan will celebrate  they have some good jazz bands there also.I heard that too  Apparently the trumpeters grow goatees to provide comfort when playing . Nice  that gives me an excuse to grow one  I will tell my wife I will be playing jazz and it is required . Hilarious  What about fantasy spelling bees  any interest  . I heard about that lol  that would be interesting  I think people need to call      BETS OFF if they are playing fantasy for that lol . Yeah  pretty crazy  Well nice chatting  
conversation_594 Do you like bird  maybe have birdwatching as one of your hobbies .I like birds but I m not an official birdwatcher   I am a bit surprised to learn that the dodo bird is a real thing   The are actually part of the pidgeon family . They are  I thought dodo birds were ficticious or extinct at least  you know that some birds travel really long distances without a rest.So did I   Did you know that hummingbirds are known to take spiderwebs to use on their nests   Little thieves   . They do  I guess spiders must be angry at them then lol  you know that most birds have bones that are so hollow that their skeleton weights even less than their feather  . Yeah  I bet there are a lot of bird hating spiders   I did know that but the wild birds of Australia have an added talent  they can mimic the sounds of stuff like car alarms and chainsaws  . That must be interesting  I would love to hear a bird that sounds like a chainsaw lol  that bird has some identity issues for sure . Yep  some bird therapy is in order   FYI  I grew up on a ranch   We had many horses but I didn t know one could be allergic to them   Clint Eastwood is  . He is  thats weird considered he has done many movies that involved horses and him riding them . Yeah  an occupational hazard for sure    I didn t know that firefighters used dalmations to calm horses   Most of our horses didn t really care for dogs  .Thats an interesting fact did you also hear the story about the two kids that got suspended because they showed up riding horses to school . Yeah  my dad used to ride horses to school in west Texas   Man  horses go way back to      BCE   I wonder how they know that   . Yeah right  it seems like a difficult string of data to know  Icelandic horses must be really fast .Yep  We had quarter horses and they are no slouches at speed   I can see why it took       million years for them to evolve .I wonder whats the main difference between wild horses and caballus  I guess a wild horse can become a cabullus. A cowboy would say   they ain t broke yet    A cowboy would also have little use for rap   Do you like rap . I do  one of my favorite Rappers is Tupac  do you like rap .I have a handful of songs on my phone   Funny that Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist . It is funny  good thing he didnt I love his music  do you know who Busta Rhymes is . I remember him from the    s  I ve never heard of Korean rappers and their  compliment battle    Hmm   Well  if this is the last go around  it s been nice talking with you   Take care  . That sounds weird  a compliment war  that must be fun to watch and well Busta Rhymes voice the reptar wagon in the Rugrats Movie back in     .Yes it does   What does it even mean 
conversation_595 hey did you know that the dodo bird is actually closely related to the pigeon . Hello there  no I didn t know that  very interesting   Have you ever seen videos of the dodo bird in action . no I haven t  have you  I didn t think they had video recording back then  I think we only have artistic renderings of the dodo.Yeah I remember seeing video when I was younger I will never forget it   Did you know hummingbirds will actually steal spiderweb to help construct their nests . I had heard of that  sounds like the spiders need SPIDER POLICE to make sure that no webs are stolen haha. Yeah I would like to see a fight settled between the two  that would be hilarious .what I didn t know was that birds bones are so hollow that the bones themselves as a whole weigh less than the feathers . Wow that is incredible   But I guess it makes sense when you think about it  they have to be light enough to fly . that is true  I know that there are birds that can fly from Alaska to somewhere in Mexico and they don t sleep when they do it  that s a long flight I sleep when I fly from Michigan to Florida haha. Lol  yeah I would do the same  but that is crazy  nature is awesome   Did you know there are birds in Australia that can mimic all kinds of sounds like car alarms and chainsaws even . haha that would be scary to be walking in the woods  hear a chainsaw coming after you  and then seeing it s only a stupid bird haha. Yeah right  that would be pretty wild   I guess there are about      species of birds that are threatened with extinction because of human activity  . wow that is too bad  hopefully they don t go the way of the dodo  animals are crazy apparently Clint Eastwood was allergic to horses but rode them for a lot of his movies.That is crazy because he was in a lot of movies with them . ya  and I never knew that dalmations calmed and protected horses at the fire departments  and that was what their job was. Very interesting fact  never knew that before   I think dalmations look so cool  . ya they do  apparently horses from Iceland have an extra fast speed walk they can do that no other types of horses can accomplish. Never knew that either  that s different   I didn t know Iceland was big into horses  . ya I wish I had a horse  I guess some students took horses to their school on  no cars  at school day and got suspended anyway haha. Thats hilarious  I bet they were pretty popular when they came back to school after the suspensions .ya that is an amazing story  I wonder how far of a ride it was  hopefully the horses weren t too tired haha
conversation_596  Hi  how are you .I am ok  Have you visited Aspen Colorado .I have not  Have you  Why just ok . No  I have visited Denver  Colorado  but not Aspen  Colorado .Me too  What would be the three meals you would have . I did order a bagel  meal balls and I love cheesecake  what about you .Probably some protein like steak and a bunch of carbs  The egg and bacon bagel sounds really good though   . I guess Aspen and Denver Colorado are a lot the same  both places have lots of mountains great for skiing .Yeah  Do you ski . Very little  but I fell several times before getting the hang of it  what about you .Not since  th grade  I had a spill and didn t see the fun in it after that  I do love winter though  Do you enjoy the winter and snow . Yes  I love the winter and snow  that is why I will like to visit Aspen  Colorado .Very nice  Where are you originally from  Im from chicago   .I am from Las Vegas  Do you see and like different types of birds .I do  What about you  The famously extinct dodo bird is actually a sub family of pigeon .I like birds a lot  I once owned a parakeet .Nice  Some birds fly from alaska to northern mexico without sleeping when migrating . Wow  It s amazing how smart birds are  they are also sensitive to the weather .Hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests  Now that s smart .Yes it is  They also range in size from   cm to      m .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_597 Hello  Are you a bird watcher . Good Afternoon   I actually am   I don t get most of the        living species of them in my yard  but do enjoy watching the ones that I do have . Ah  yes  nothing like a feathered  toothless endothermic vertebrate to warm the cockles of ones heart    and occasionally adorn the dinner plate  . Ha  for sure   I actually have a bird feeder and pond in my back yard that attracts them quite often   Even get some hummingbirds during warmer weather   It s kinda neat that they steal spiderwebs to repair their nests . Ingenious little tweeters   Except perhaps for the Dodo bird  a less than successful member of the pigeon family .I didn t know they were from the pigeon family   i wonder if they were trying to fly without sleeping like some birds do when migrating and couldn t figure it out   Sounds difficult to me . Yeah  but birds can do a number of curiously difficult tasks  such as mimicking the sounds of cameras  car alarms  and even chainsaws  Now that is difficult .I actually heard that   I think some birds in Australia can pull that off   Quite skillful if you ask me . I ll say   Try flying sometime   You know  in most birds  their bones are soo lightweight  they weigh less than the feathers  which is one of the reasons they do not plumment to the ground while in flight   . Right  they are lightweight because their bones are hollow   I wonder if that makes them more prone to breaking . I would think so  Except perhaps the extinct elephant birds  Their name  and the fact that they were featherless  suggest that they were not petite little hummingbirds  .I wonder how big they were   Possibly even larger than today s   foot tall ostrich . Impressive   So  if birds can learn to mimic chainsaws  I wonder if they can learn to rap   I would love to hear a cockatiel freestyle a compliment battle with some Korean rappers . Oh my  so would I   If they could do that then i bet their music would make it into the Library of Congress right along with Tupac Shakur . For certain   Who let the birds out  Tweet  tweet  tweet  tweet  tweet   Now that would be culturally significant .That almost sounds like a rapping bird could be a cartoon character   I wonder if Eminem would have drawn him considering he used to want to becaome a comic book artist . Nice  Shall we name him  Dr Dodo     or maybe  Fowl Ice T   . I like  Dr  Dodo    He could do freestyle complimentary rapping like they do in Korea .Then Dr Dodo could defend Emminem in court while appearing with that rapping judge in Michigan .That would be hysterical   Well it s been nice chatting with you .Same here  Polly want a cracker  Word up 
conversation_598 Hi  Have you ever traveled to Japan . No  I have not but I have been to Hawaii and had family there when the ballistic missile threat message went out the morning of Jan    th  They were really scared . Yeah  i remember that  With japan being so small it can cost you      to drive across it if you take the highway  Tolls are crazy expensive  .Thats crazy  That is just like Hawaii too .Are all of their Highways tolled  Are they expensive .They are really cram packed with cars but no tolls  The bad thing about being there is that a missile can get there from North Korea in less than     mins . Whoa  thats crazy  I had no idea they were so close  Funny to think that China believes that Kim jong un is the sexiest man alive . Wow  I did not know that  Yikes  In the era of Kim Jong un we have to worry about his ability to send a missile over and that s a little scary .I agree  Ill be interested to see how the meeting with US president goes later this month  I don t think he is stable   He assassinated his own half brother .I agree    He caused terror in Hawaii without even actually sending a missile  The people who were in church during the threat message were told to repent and to end mass early  Some people began crying and praying .I would have been worried as well Kim was ranked the   th most powerful person in the world in       Thats  troublesome . Oh  wow  That is a weird fun fact  huh  I think Forbes ranked him that . Yep  you re right  I wonder if Forbes actually knows how old Kim is  . HA  Good point  I doubt it  Its sort of weird that they participated in the Olympics in      .I agree  I heard that south korea had to pick up the bill for North korea . Thats sounds about right  Everything n North Korea seems fake  Hopefully  Trump can get some more info during their talks . hopefully so  They met in Singapore last year to discuss nuclear agreements  i wonder if thats what they will continue to discuss this time around or something else  .I wonder that too  Did you know that Kim cuts his own hair .hahah i would have thought he has someone else do that . He is paranoid about getting hurt  I guess  Ha .He should be  I dont think hes made many friends outside North Korea  Have a good day  Bye.See ya 
conversation_599  Hello  do you enjoy traveling .I love to travel   How about you .I love traveling as well  The Dutch are creating a bus that can go     mph .That is crazy   I wonder if it will have a special lane   When I heard that I thought of the Night Bus from Harry Potter .I have no idea  All of Japan s highways are tolls so it cost roughly      to cross the country . That is a lot of money   Iceland doesnt have a public rail service  so people without cars take flights between cities .That would stink to not have public rail service  I can t imagine having to fly everywhere . Same here   But I guess if we want to travel across the country we do  but not within our own states .Yes  The first king to travel around the world was from Hawaii .I didnt even know Hawaii had a king .Me either lol  Do you know much about Kim Jong Un . Some  I was shocked to read he is my age  a few months older  even though it is also said that they are unsure of his age .That s interesting  He s a very bad leader so hopefully Trump can talk some sense into him . He isnt a great person  he had his own uncle executed  so I doubt that is a possibility .I agree  He learned to drive at the age of   .    I was tripping over my own feet at three .LOL  He was also voted the most sexiest man alive by the onion .I heard China believes that too .I have heard that as well  Pretty crazy they believe that .Especially coming from the Onion . Might have been as well  Well  it was good talking to you today  
conversation_600 hello  how are you doing  What did you think of the article .Not exactly one I ve ever thought about for sure .I figured we could just start by looking at the first section here  I found it really interesting about using robots to prepare Mars for human arrival . I d feel a lot better in a way sending robots up first to test things  But  what robots do not have are human emotions that would have to deal with such a bizarre plan .Sorry for the delay  I was reading ahead and got distracted  I totally agree with you on that  The idea that we may only be    to    years away is crazy to me .I just really don t see the point from what I ve read here  Why travel so far to go to somewhere that has nothing to offer a human  Can t you just move to a different destination right here on Earth  Seems an awful lot to go through just to get away   no . No it totally makes sense  I think the appeal is going somwhere we have never gone before  Still  it seems easier to make the earth more inhabitable than to move to another planet entirely  There are many areas of earth that we could spread to if we invested this level of effort . Yep     the Sahara desert comes to mind  As far as it making sense  I suppose  to those explorers out there who d like that sort of thing .Yes for sure  It is just such an interesting concept  To me it is just crazy the amount of time money and planning that goes into this kind of project . Well  being alone and    years old  I m willing to give it a shot  I would just be overly concerned about boredom  What to do with all that time on a different planet .Right exactly  I have no idea how I would occupy myself . That is why I m sure the scientists would have to put those willing through plenty of tests to see how they would handle such a change  Like I said before  sending robots first is an excellent idea  But  they can t measure a person s mind dealing with it with robots  Can they . No and I think that is the biggest issue we don t know on this type of journey  The physical toll would be intense yes  but the mental toll may be unimaginable until someone is put through it . I would think that travelling with many other people that are alike would be of some comfort  You know  many people not knowing what their future will bring will certainly give it s way to plenty of conversation topics  But  for that long  . Right exactly  I mean you may exhaust everything just on the journey itself  and likely there would be an almost non existent shot at returning .That is why I m interested in why the scientists are even interested in pursuing this  I think that people would just feel better spending time on Earth than risking everything on something so ludicris .I totally agree  As I said I think at the beginning there are just so many options on Earth that we could explore before doing anything else . I think that perhaps the scientists should think of different ways to spend all that money  Or at least  put themselves or real astronauts through this ordeal before allowing the general public to go through it  In that way  they can make sure that a human mind can handle it  But  then again  it would be astronauts doing it  and their minds are of a different psychiatric character.Yeah I am wondering if there are ways to truly simulate this without endangering anyone in the process  Possibly doing a long desert of arctic based mission in preparation . That s a good idea you have  You can send people to the Arctic  Antarctic  or like I said the Sahara desert which would challenge a human s mind  They are just as desolate as the planet Mars  yet cheaper to get to .Absolutely  Thanks for chatting with me today .Right back at ya .Have a great day
conversation_601 Did you know that there is a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at     mph and temperatures are up to      degrees F . No  I do not know that  what is the name of the planet  . Im not sure  it might not have a formal name like the ones in our immediate solar system   The universe is certainly fascinating . It is indeed  have you ever observed Mars in the sky   NASA wants to send people there in       years  . I have a few times  but never by telescope or anything like that   I have heard that a colonization project was planned for      and was going to be funded by making some sort of reality show   That would be a fun one to watch . There is a few contests about the colonization of Mars  NASA has also one  you have to submit a concept for  a house on Mars  .the      million dollar prize would be a nice one to win for that   I would love to see humans make it to mars in my life time   I wonder if the first country there would try to claim it as their territory . I don t think they will claim to Mars  it will be more like the Moon  even Antarctica does not belong to a country   .True   It is also crazy that a satellite was lost on Mars because Locheed Martin used the imperial system but NASA used metric   How could they not get that detail in order . Locheed is a big company based in the US  The Imperial system is still used there  maybe they had an European subcontractor and units got mixed up   .Very possible  I think it is neat that the planets are named after Roman Gods and Goddesses   With Mars being the God of War. It has a reddish tone  it is the most war like planet  It is crazy that some of Earth s bacteria could live on Mars   .That gives promise that Mars could become sustainable for earth life .Would you go live on Mars        F is too cold for me . Id seriously have to bundle up   I live in Florida  so it gets in the   s here and I start to freeze   . Maybe it is something that will have all have to do  Earth has already lost      of its natural forest  . It is amazing that in humans short period on earth we have done so much damage to the natural resources on the planet   I mean if earths entire history was put in to one    hour period  humans have only been here less than two minutes . But humans have a big impacts on Earth S ressources  at this rate there won t be any Helium left at the end of the   st century  . That s crazy  I cant believe that people aren t actively trying to stop some of this  or those that do are met with such opposition   I mean if there is a UN ambassador to extraterrestrial life we can certainly advocate for saving this planet . I wonder if they choose someone serious  or the most incompetent guy in the UN since he won t probably won t ever have any real responsibilities  . That s a good question  never thought about that   How would you exactly explain your job seriously to people  yeah  I m just here in case aliens ever contact us   . And would you consider it as a promotion   It does not look good in a resume  unless your are a comedian  . Very true  I could see someone trying to either explain that job or a gap in employment because they were too embarrassed to report that as a job   . Maybe  you could get promoted and be Earth s ambassador on Mars   There will be an opening in       years  . That would be a cool job   It has been great chatting  but I have to get going   Have a great day 
conversation_602 It s crazy the way technology is taking off  I was reading that robots are being created to basically be our pets . In fact  the word  robotics  was invented by a person named Isaac Asimov .They apparently even have robots that can break down a chicken with surgical precision .Wow  talk about accuracy  The curiosity robot on mars sings happy birthday to itself  It must be very lonely . Apparently  robots can be controlled by rat brains and its personality changes depending on which rat is controlling it .Human thoughts can also control robots  This paralyzed woman has a robotic arm that she can control with her thoughts . Apparently  the military just uses an Xbox controller .Artificial intelligence is similar to robots  Artificial intelligence are now able to self drive cars .Very cool  Michael Jackson wanted to buy a giant moon walking robot to moon walk around Las Vegas .Haha  Did you know that Amazon holds a patent on one click buying .I d love to be Amazon s first customer  He only spent        and got a whole building named after him .I wish I could have an one trillion dollar company named after me too  Big retailers like Best Buy and Target will price match products on Amazon .I can t believe Amazon warehouse employees get so much exercise  They walk between   and    miles every day .That is probably how much I walk in a week  Amazon actually loses money whenever they sell an e reader. I bet their low end homewares brand  AmazonBasics  helps recover a lot of that . Agreed  Amazon had modest startings  starting as an online ebook retailer.And it s not the largest Internet retailer in the world . However  they do sell returned and like new items with discounts. I didn t realize Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that will run for        years  I doubt humans will even be around by then . You never know  we d probably be exploring space by then  Jeff Bezos also owns Blue Origin  a space company  It was actually founded before SpaceX was .The plan to sell a robot assistant for only      
conversation_603 do you like robots .somewhat  Did you know Jackson wanted to build one of himself .Yeah and it was supposed to be    feet tall and roam around Nevada desert.Yeah  Do you know who created the robot sidekick Peterson .Yeah that was Grant Imahara from Mythbusters.Yeah  Did you know they are using rat brains to control robots now . Yes and depending on which brain they hook it up to  it changes personality.Nice  THe us military is using xbox controllers to control the robots.Amazing  Now robots can debone a chicken surgically.Yeah  Do you shop on Amazon .Yes quite a bit  did you know jeff built a clock on a mountain .Yeah and it is supposed to run for        years.Yeah  They have a building named after their first customer.Yeah and all he had to do was spend less than    .Yeah  Did you know they are shipping on Sundays now too .Yeah that is because they have a deal with USPS to do that.Yeah  Did you know their workers walk up to    miles a day .Yeah they are super buy so they have to  Do you use google .A lot actually  Do you know how they calculate traffic .Yes they take the average of android devices moving around on the road.Yeah that is pretty awesome and scary too
conversation_604 Did you see the winning submission for the Mars constest sponsored by NASA .Interesting   I also read an article saying that robots would create livable environment before humans arrive .Are you talking about the environment on the Red Planet . Yes  robots would get the red planet ready for us .It will take awhile to build that environment even for robots because Mars is almost    million miles away.How long would it take to take people to get there one way .I believe that the last mission a couple weeks ago took about   months because the distance changes due to the planets movement constantly.I do not think I could stay away from my family for over   months   Is NASA working on more things other than  the last robot that they sent .I think they are doing tests on growing food outdoors due to the lengthy dust storms on Mars . So  what will people eat in Mars before NASA can grow food outdoors .No idea but I think that is exactly what the tests are trying to figure out  what they can grow and what they can t.Is the test being done on earth using simulation .I believe so  the other problem with doing it on Mars is the temperature  Its     degrees on Mars.You are very knowledgeable   NASA seems to have lots of funding nowadays .DId you know that Mars is not only known as the Red Planet but also named after a Roman God. No  I did not know   Thank you for letting me know   What I know is that it is the fourth planet from the sun . It will be tough living on Mars anytime soon because of the thin atmosphere  dust storms and extreme temps.You are right   Please tell me more about Mars   It would be great if you would compare it to earth . There are some similarities though in the form of valleys  deserts and ice caps between the two planets. So  is it possible for humans to live there .Currently no
conversation_605  Toymaker Anki is really skilled  he has mastered the art of toy making.I agree   He makes a lot of robotics right . Yeah  cat  dogs robots  he launched a robotics company back in the year       so exciting.That is exciting   From what i hear Anki wants his robots to be able to hold their own with people . I think it would be a great service for people  I heard they  are the best selling toy company on Amazon.They ve got a new product called Vector   It is like Alexa and their goal is to have one in every home . Oh so they are working with Amazon now  Jeff Bezos is a great CEO  he would be of great contribution to the project.I m not sure if they are working together or  competing   They are using alexa as an example for what they want their vector to be   They say there is one big difference between the two though  Their Vector has a personality . Oh I see  I heard there is also a female vector voice in their plans .Did you know that Pixar is the inspiration behind the personality they are trying to create with Vector . I didnt know that  I hope Vector can be successful  theyve had inspiration from several compnies including Apple  Google and Microsoft . Taking from the best   I think the only problem  or at least a major problem  that they have is price   They are pricing it at         Seems too high considering alexa s price . I think their goal is for Vector to cost      at a retail price  still seems really expensive  . Yep  your re right  I was thinking of another robot priced at      dollars   . I see  its amazing how tech has taken over the world  soon we will have robots everywhere.I would love to have one   I don t want one like michael Jackson did though  He had plans to build a    ft tall moon walking one .    foot tall wow  thats a lot  you know theres robots that can debone chickens with a surgical precision   .That s impressive   I d feel comfortable having a robot perform surgery  I mean if they can debone a chicken like that then surgery can t be far away . I agree and theres no human error there  still I would like for a human surgeon to supervise the whole thing. Well the us military uses an xbox     controller to control one of their oed robots  perhaps a surgeon could do the same . That would be interesting to watch  with other guinea pigs not me lol
conversation_606 I built a toy robot once  Have you . No  I d probably electrocute myself if I tried  but it would be cool to have a pet robot.The company Anki is introducing a small table top companion   Kind of like Alexa   The think I built was programmed in basic   This you talk to . Yea  ANki wants a robot in every home  hopefully there is no ulterior motives.I am sure this thing will collect data while it rolls around the table top   Kid does not like peas   Must inform the high command   The fur child has thrown up again   Scary the information it will collect . Sounds creepy to be honest  a palm sized robot that can crack jokes. Should a robot have expressive eyes   I do not want to think of this little thing as feeling   Remember Rosie from the Jetsons   Thats what I want   Smart  dangerous  useful . Yea  Vector sounds creepy to me  nudging people s hands for attention.Honda s Asimo was pretty strange to watch   It must have been costly  It was pointless as far as I know . Yea  I wouldn t pay       for an Asimo. I think it cost far more than that   Anki has a kickstarter to raise funds   Looks like they will make the          goal   Soon the robots will take over the world .Maybe that is why Michael Jackson planned to build a    foot robot to protect mankind from other mini robots.Vector will cost        You can buy a lot of them   Release them into the desert   Watch the    ft tall ones hunt them down   Make a reality TV show out of it . Hopefully Vector is never created using rat brains  then that would be a serious problem. It would be a kind of arms race   One side uses rat brains  the other side uses cat brains   The poor chickens  standing in the middle of the road  .The chicken would be screwed since robots can debone them with surgical precision. No  those poor boneless chickens  how will they ever get across the road  They must play xbox and disarm explosives . Grant Imahara from mythbusters is gonna have to design a new robot for the war  hopefully time travel won t be involved . It is an interesting idea  would a time traveling robot invest in google or amazon . I think Jeff Bezos might be a robot  it would explain why he built a clock into a mountain that can run for        years.I find it alarming that google maps uses data from android devices   your phone   to find how fast traffic is moving   Sky net knows you re in traffic   It knows if you have been bad or good . Well I got to go and make some tin foil hats now  nice chatting with you
conversation_607 Hi do you many facts about the earth .Earth is the third planet from the sun.Yes   Earth was formed over     billion years ago   It s been long time now .It is the only known astronomical object to harbor life.Yes it is   About     of the Earths surface is covered with water .The remaining     is land consisting of continents and islands.Yes   The majority of Earth s polar regions are covered in ice   I think the ice packs have been shrinking in recent years .Yes sadly  Just like the fact Earth will be helium free in the near future.Sad indeed   Another sad fact is more than     of the Earth s natural forests have already been destroyed .We have changed the earth so much in our short time  But did you know that if earths history were a    hour period we would only account for      mins.That makes me feel like a tiny ant  lol  When Earth was first formed a day was only     hours long .I wish work days would go by that fast  There would be a lot more days though  I like our     days.Yes   Wouldn t that be nice   Do you know much about Mars .It is the second smallest planet in the solar system. Interesting   Due to differences in atmosphere  sounds on Mars have a higher pitch than they do on Earth .Maybe that s where all our helium ends up .lol  A Mars colonization project planned for      will be funded by creating a reality tv show .I hope its more interesting than the reality tv shows on now  Would be neat to see space stuff.It would be   I would like to see some lichens and cyanobacteria because they would be able to thrive on Mars  lol  It was fun chatting .Flying to mars could taking only     days with constant  g acceleration.I would take the trip   Have to get running   Have a great day 
conversation_608 Landing on Mars seems like a difficult feat. Yeah  Sending something to Mars involve very high speed  landing on Mars imply reducing that speed to    It is an interesting engineering problem  . I agree it sure is  it seems like that fabric can actually help with the problem  the materail is a lot like the one available at stores. Yeah it is surprising that the thing we buy are so advanced  would you like to work for NASA  . I think I would  sounds like an interesting job  figuring out how to send a      pound spaceship to space souns like quite a challege  you can learn a lot. Yeah  there is so much to figure  like how to plan a test on Earth and interpreting the results for Mars  It thought that the   would be a lot different form each other  . Apparently both planets have come similarities  I wonder if they will find ancient life on the planet  the      mission seems like a chance to gather a lot of intel about the planet. The atmospheres have similar aerodynamic characteristics  maybe ancient Mars was a little like Earth  . Thats an interesthing theory  I think thats possibly  did you hear about the Curiosity rover .The Curiosity rover that landed on Mars in        What happened to it  . Nothing  just that it weighted less than the      rover although I did hear it had some troubles. I suppose that id they want to analyse more stuff  they have to bring more instruments  therefore it is heavier  The team that is planning the parachute must be under a lot of pressure  . I agree they must be under a lot of pressure indeed  they have deadlines that may seem impossible at times  producing a working parachute might sound easy but theres a lot of things to take into account the team has a hard task at hand. Yeah  one bad stitch and it could rip the parachute appart  . yeah and mission failed  millions of dollars lost  its a lot of pressure mars has deserts  velleys and also polar ice caps . But sometimes  a mission fails because of a stupid error like using the metric system and imperial system on the same project  . Metric system is important  confusing it can cause a big mistake  precision is everything  did you know there is a colonization project for     . I have heard on the news that the company responsible declared bankruptcy  another reality tv show that did not pass the test of reality . Sounds like an expensive project  too bad I was really looking forward to watch the show  it would have been a success all over the world.I think they did not expect it to be so complex  I guess we will have to observe Mars form our backyard for the moment . Too bad  someday we will colonize the planet  I hope I am alive by then  
conversation_609  Hello my name is Dave  how are you this fine day  It think it is pretty crazy that parachutes of space vehicles are made from fabric you can buy at a fabric store .Yeah it seems like that material is very high tech but easily accessible  Do you follow science news alot .Not really  I do like reading articles like these though because I do like learning new things and I find science pretty interesting  I can t imagine all of the tests that scientists must have to run in order to figure out what materials to use for things .I beleive the scientists doing this research will eventually find and even better material for a supersonic parachute  I think space exploration is the future of the US .Yeah I think you re right  What do you think about life on Mars  Do you think that Mars or any other planet will ever be able to sustain life on it . I think there is microscopic life on mars possibly but more likely there is something on one of the outer moons of saturn  jupiter  .Yeah  It would be pretty crazy to see that happen in our lifetime but it seems like it is pretty far off .I think they should send a rover soon to one of the outer planets to get a closer look and potentially find life  If a rover can find something then we could potentally send a human to check .One thing I found somewhat surprising was that     of our forests have been destroyed  I did not realize that it was that high .I think the planet earth is very resiliant to us but it will only take so much damage to start a bad event for the human race .Yeah  We definitely need to make sure that we are keeping good care of our natural resources  I think that most countries around the world though are taking climate change and protecting our earth pretty seriously which is good .I dont agree that much that most countries are taking this seriously  There is china and india that are throwing garbage in the ocean .Yeah I guess that is true  I guess I was thinking of most European nations but I didn t really think about a lot of Asian countries  It is astounding the amount of trash that is floating around the Pacific Ocean .It could get so bad that eventually we may need to go to a new planet in the future  Its sad to think that could happen one day .Well hopefully we will be able to reverse course and start making the changes necessary  It seems like there are very few planets that are even close enough for us to reach to be able to live on . True  hopefully tehnology keeps advancing to fix our issues here on earth if not find a new home .It s pretty unreal how fast technology has been advancing  It seems like the technology of today will be outdated within the next two or three years because they just keep finding new and faster ways of doing things .NASA never fails to suprise me as they have always raised the bar  It will be interesting to see how technology advances with these new private companies propping up like it is with Elon Musk s SpaceX.Yeah  I think that the private sector is the one that will make the most progress in space  They are able to raise more money and have more resources at their disposal .Yeah I agree with private sector will be the future .Well  I think I am going to head out here  It was very nice chatting with you . you too  thanks for the chat .Yes  Thank You
conversation_610 Hi do you know many facts about the Earth .I know some facts  For instance you could fit all the plants in the solar system between the Earth and the Moon  .Wow   I know that it s the third planet from the sun . Yes  that s where the show  rd Rock from the Sun got it s name .Yes   Earth was formed over     billion years ago .It s crazy to think how old the universe is and how little humans have been around in comparison .I agree   The moon is the only natural satellite of the Earth .It would be interesting to see what the sky would look like if we had more than one moon .That would be kind of weird after seeing just the moon my whole life   About    percent of the Earth s surface is covered in water . I think that the deep ocean is just as interesting as space  there is so much we haven t discovered there as well . I agree there   That s the next frontier   Unfortunaley  more than     of the earths natural forests have already been destroyed .It s sad to think about that  I do like that a lot of governments around the world are trying to fight deforestation .Yes   I ve been to some unforested areas where I live and I was blown away by the size of some of the trees   Another sad note is that Earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the   st century .I wonder what industries that would effect besides inflating balloons .I n not sure  lol  Do you know much about Mars .I know it was named after the Roman God of War and I followed the Rover we recently had up there .I actually just looked yesterday at the last panorama view they put together   If you fly to Mars under constant  g accelaration it will only take   or   days . That s not too bad  I hope we get someone on there soon .I think that would be so neat   A Mars colonization project planned for      will be funded by creating a reality tv show   Maybe we ll get the chance   It s been fun chatting . It was fun talking to you as well  it s a bit sad that the plan to colonize Mars is being funded by reality TV and not our government .That is sadly true   I m with you there   Have a great day 
conversation_611  Hello  do you know much about the planets . Hi  I know a little bit here and there  How about you  I m a huge fan of Jupiter  In fact  one of its moons  Ganymede  would actually be considered a planet if it orbited the sun .That is pretty cool  And Venus does not tilt hence it only has one season.Thats kind of similar to Uranus as well  It rotates sideways and basically rolls around the sun unlike the rest of the planets that spin .And how about that planet where it precipitates shards of glass  That sounds scary.Yikes  That is scary thankfully we don t have to worry about that here  Did you hear that astronomers detected a planetary system with building blocks of life roughly     lightyears away . I am so curious about that  so intrigued  How about planet earth  Too bad we have already destroyed     of the forests in it. I know  That s sad  isn t it  If our entire history was seen in a    hour period  we as humans would only represent   minute and    seconds and in that brief time  we ve already destroyed most of the natural forests  That is so upsetting  .It is very upsetting and we do not seem to be stopping at all  What a shame  When earth was formed the days were only     hours long  Can you imagine that .Wow  I honestly couldn t  We would never have time to accomplish anything  Ha  Can you also believe earth will be basically free of helium when the   st century ends .Yeah that is crazy to me  What about those balloons  Do you believe in extraterrestrials . Well  since the UN appointed an ambassador to extraterrestrials  I believe they do expect to make contact eventually  It would truly be neat to see . I guess it is better to be prepared  just in case  Did you know sounds in Mars have a different pitch.That doesn t surprise me honestly   Just as it would only take   or   days to get there if one traveled at constant  G acceleration  Wonder if that s possible . Science is moving pretty fast  you never know  And there seem to be organisms that can live in Mars like lichens and cyanobacteria. Speaking of living on Mars  there s a reality show that s funding a colonization project aimed for       That s going to be interesting to see  Ha . Wow  yeah it sounds like it  Did you heat about that confusion between the metric and the imperial system that Locheed Martin did .I heard a bit about it  I know they sadly lost a satellite on Mars because of it  It s like that sounds like a very costly mistake .Yup is sure seems to have been so  Do you know why Mars is referred to as the red planet .I do and it s because of the red colored iron oxide on the surface that stands out  among the astronomical bodies to the casual eye  Did you know Mars actually has its own polar ice caps as well . SO cool  I hope they keep exploring the planet  Nice chatting
conversation_612  Hi  do you want to chat about Mars  Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun and the second smallest planet in the Solar System after Mercury  In English  Mars carries a name of the Roman God of War and is often referred to as the Red Planet . I would say that Mars is a fierce looking neighbor  but probably the friendliest planet at least for humans  Second to earth  that is . Yes  I agree  it s reddish iron oxide prevalent on its surface gives it a reddish appearance that is distinctive among the astronomical bodies visible to the naked eye . I think the red is clear from a distance  but up close  it s not quite so red  Plus I bet the atmosphere changes the appearance of a lot of things  And sound  too . Well  Mars is a terrestrial planet with a thin atmosphere having surfaces like the impact craters of the Moon and the valleys  deserts  and polar ice caps of Earth . Mars has an atmosphere  but it makes the sunsets blue  I believe  Not really breathable  . Yes  due to the differences in atmosphere  sounds on Mars have a higher pitch than they do on Earth . That would make us sound funny  Like helium balloons do  Still  I would rather live my life on Earth  I know that with fast travel  we could get to Mars fast  But what would you do there . If you change your mind  a Mars colonization project is planned for      and will be funded by creating a reality TV show .I would not want to be the first there  Couldn t pay me enough . If you would fly to Mars under constant  g acceleration  it will only take   or   days to get there .That is still quite a while for regular business trips  And in economy class  Forget about it .I agree  Only the lichens and cyanobateria would be able to thrive on Mars anyway .I guess we could put atmosphere converters there and give it a few decades to shift to oxygen  Maybe it would be habitable .Depends on a lot of factors   Did you know that a satellite was lost on Mars because Locheed Martin used the imperial system while NASA used the metric system .That was a serious oversight  How can scientists and engineers ever use that outdated system  I m surprised . Talk about crazy  did you know that more than     of the earth s natural forests have already been destroyed .We are destroying our home so fast  Can we put forests on Mars  Doubtful  We can t even do it here . Good point  did you know also that earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the   st century . Yes  we ll have to get it from fusion reactors or from the sun  Whichever is easier  Anyway  great chat . Yes  great chat 
conversation_613 Did you know the Justin Bieber songs  Specially his famous song baby baby song . No I didn t know that  I did like his songs when he first started singing as he got older  I got a little less Interesting .He was singed to RBMG in      . I am not too familiar with the letter RBMG  was that his girlfriend  What does RBMG mean .Taj Mahal is bigger than the white house . Wow  I didn t know that  did you know the president s guest house is larger that the white house  What do you think about Robots .i think president s guest house is small. I have lived in Washington DC and have never seen the guest house  but I was shock when I read upon it  Do you think it dangerous for men to built robots like human to go into dangerous places . Definitely  it was very dangerous . Did you know that Amazon ceo built a clock into the mountain that should run for        years . Wow  it s wonderful  But i don t know .Did you also know that the first Amazon com first customer spent        got a building after him  that s something to think about .I think the first customer was john wainwright . Oh ok  did you know a single Google search required more computing power that It took to send Neil armstrong and eleven other astronauts to the moon  .i don t know about it . I don t either  do you used google alot  Is google one of your most used website for such as YouTube and maps . Yes  i used google alot  It s very useful . Chief executive founder of Anki robots want families to sit down and debate do they prefer a cat  dog or a robot .Cozmo is not only a must have toy for all kids aged   and up  The robot was very safe . I think the message was talking about adult robots and robots that used manufacture  as I saw on TV once .Okay  I also watch tv and social medias only . Ok  It was good chatting with you 
conversation_614 Hello  Are you interested in astronomy  I just learned some interesting facts about Mars . I am interested  I think the universe is full with wonders  what did you learn about Mars please tell me . I heard that in       a Mars colonization project will launch  It ll be funded by a reality show based off the project  I would love to see something like that . It would be nice to see indeed  although Im not sure if they are going to make  its going to be interesting since episode  . Agreed  That is a pretty major undertaking  I would be surprised if it worked out  Do you know any cool facts about Mars or Earth  I know a little bit  It s terrible  over     of the natural forests on Earth have been destroyed  I think mostly by humans . That is a lot of trees   we are seriously abusing the planet  it s curious how a day lasted     hours at the begining of earths creation.That s so interesting  I guess the Earth was a lot smaller then  Sometimes I think about whether there s life beyond Earth  The UN actually appointed an official ambassador to Extraterrestrials in the event that ETs ever made contact with humans . Thats interesting  I think there is life outside earth  the universe is just too big  . Agreed  Even if there s no other life in our Solar System  I have to believe that somewhere in the entire vast universe that life exists  Humans definitely have a fascination with the idea of ET life  It s interesting how sometimes people are scared of aliens  like in the movie Alien  and sometimes people see aliens as friends  like the movie ET . And I bet aliens are totally different from what we have imagined  I would like to go to Jupiter it has a moon that could be considered a planet. Wow  that must be really large  I think I heard it would be a planet if it orbited the sun  but since it just orbits Jupiter it doesn t qualify as one  Moons are so powerful  Earth s moon is what causes the tides and stabilizes Earth s axis you know . I know  our moon influences life on earth in many ways  we sure are lucky to have one  .Yes  I wonder what life would be like without the moon  You know there was a red moon the other week  I saw it through a telescope and it was so beautiful  I think that s caused by a lunar eclipse but I m not sure exactly . I didn t see it  too bad that I missed it  I didn t know that was possible and it would be nice to watch the universe from Mars . That s a really interesting perspective  I never thought of that  Well maybe if that colonization project goes through  eventually we COULD end up watching the universe from Mars . I hope I can live to see that  earth is going to be helium free by the end of this century .That s crazy  Do we humans need helium to survive  Hopefully the scientists can figure out a way to prevent that from happening . I dont think we do but not having helium might have an effect on something we do need to exist  its amazing how     of earth is water . That s a lot of water  And I m pretty sure the sea level is rising because of global warming and the ice caps melting  We need to take better care of our planet  we re going to run it into the ground if we re not careful . I agree  if we don t take care of it it might end up like Venus although a cool thing about venus is that it does not tilt . I did not know that  I did know that Uranus rotates sideways and doesn t  spin  like the other planets  but rather  rolls  around the sun . Thats a really interesting fact about Uranus  well I heard astromers already detected life     light years away from us 
conversation_615  Hello  Can you believe The Onion voted Kum Jong Un as the sexiest man alive  and China actually believed that nonsense . No way  I didn t see that  I love reading articles about that part of the world  though  Like  did you read about the missile alert in Hawaii . Yes  I remember when that happened  The entire state thought they were being attacked by North Korea .I bet he won t shoot a missile . I don t put anything past him  Even though we don t know how old he is  he is very intelligent and knows his way around arms .You re right about that  He may not make the rational decisions you might expect from other leaders . He does have a degree in physics  that alone makes him dangerous  when you factor in all the military equipment he has to play with . In addition to the physics degree  he received one as at a military university  Plus  since his father and grandfather were leaders  you might assume that he has been aware of military and political strategies from a very young age  don t you think . I don t know  DPK is such a secretive country  Supposedly  he learned how to drive at   . At     I wonder if he missed out on his childhood experiences  and that is why he is spending so much money on renovating theme parks in North Korea . I honestly don t know much about the country  or him  I m still marveling that trump met with him . Indeed  I truly didn t think that      would see a US President visit with the North Korean leader  or that  the North Korean leader would visit South Korea for the first time since the end of the Korean War  What a strange year . In Hawaii  the official business shirt is an aloha shirt  Much better look than a suit and tie  in the tropics  have you been .Is that right  I didn t know that  I have never visited Hawaii yet  I hope to go some day  It would take a long time though  Did you know air travel is actually slower now than in the      s to save on fuel costs . I didn t know that  I know that Japan is crazy expensive to travel  as they have mainly toll roads .I didn t know about the toll roads  I visited Japan and only took trains  there is a website for people that will let you crash on their couch while you re traveling  That can help make it less expensive . I wouldn t want people crashing on mine  or be comfortable crashing  It s weird that there aren t that many cars in Iceland  Or buses .Why do you think that is so  Is it because people travel by train or boat .I think it s because it is a small country  They fly a lot though . I see  I thought they might travel by ship  Did you know that during the age of discovery  ships released rabbits onto islands to provide a future food source for other travelers  I can t think of anything like that now  . Yes  They released pigs and chickens as well  Thank you for chatting with me  have a wonderful night . Thank you  you as well . Bye  now .Good bye .Bye .I can 
conversation_616  Hi  Do you play video games  Did you know that it s illegal in South Korea for kids under    to play video games  I wonder how kids in America would take that  if that became a law here  haha  . oh wow  that is weird I don t like that  I played lots of games as a kid what about you . I know  I agree with you  yes  i till play from time to time I enjoy a good solo game of zombies  it gets my heart racing  Video games were initially called cathode ray tube amusement devices which were used by the military  another fun fact for ya  .that is fun  kind of sad that humans as a whole play games for   billion hours a week. This is true  and I m sure as video games progress and evolve we will lose touch of reality  what is reality anyway  Another cool game out there  Little Big Planet  was narrated by Stephen Fry  He also narrated hitchhiker guide to the galaxy and harry potter video games  Little Big Planet though is a fun Family game . ah thats cool  I do like that game  did you ever play a toy story game  Tom Hanks brother does all the voices actually. No I have not  some theorists categorize video games as a form of art  but this designation is controversial  I was a hardcore Nintendo Super Mario girl  I still Love that game .haha that game is amazing and I agree they are an art form  do you watch any judge judy btw. agreed  and Yes I have  I hear she makes about         an episode  yes  please  She makes almost as much as Lebron . thats nuts  yup the second highest paid celebrity  I wonder how much Robin Williams made for doing the genie in aladdin. Im not sure  but surely a heck of a lot  he was a famous celebrity by then  He was probably one of the few to be able to enter Pixar s studio secret room . haha ya I agree  did you watch Sesame street as a kid  I never knew the first celebrity on the show was Carol Burnett. Interesting  well you know  celebrity status is often associated with wealth and PERKS  How cool .indeed  did you hear about the planet that rains molten glass on it  Thats one place I dont want to visit haha. I am so glad to be a part of this Planet  uuf  I cant imagine living there either  I dislike winter to the core but      mph and      degree fahrenheit weather  no Thanks  . ya I m ok where I am haha  I would like to travel to venus  I guess it doesn t tilt and thus has no seasons. I wonder if venus made it to the planets that remain from the original planets discovered before the    s  its crazy how much has changed  We now have Ceres  Pallas and Juno amongst others as celestial bodies  mind blowing  know . that is crazy  also its crazy that its the only planet to rotate clockwise  like why is that haha.and apparently it s only     light years away  ha The universe is amazing . haha well that is the planet that has potential life on it  I think Venus is much closer  but its all good . I should try going out more  they say that five planets in the solar system are visible to the naked eye  . wow that is cool  and I always wondered why Pluto was excluded and I guess it was from the      decision where scientists formally outlined the classifications of planets
conversation_617 I just had a long day of playing video games  How was your day . Hello   sounds rough   hope you can make it through the convo lol My day has been pretty great   cant complain   Did you know there is a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways .Did not know that  It seems to me that you are interested in space .I like space   Not enough to be hugely educated in it though lol I know Jupiter s storms can be heard on an Am radio though   Never actually listened to it . Do you believe that life exists outside of Earth  I m on the fence  but I ve heard that astronomers have some evidence of life     light years away . Yes   I think so   Its just weird that out of all those planets and space and galaxies that we are the only planet with life  .I agree  Sometimes I just look at the moon at night and think about how small we all are compared to what else is out there . I know right   just thinking about space and everything out there is very humbling   We are so tiny  .We definitely are  Have you ever seen the movie Wall E  Some of it takes place on a spaceship .I have seen it but I dont remember all of it lol .I just love that movie  I love Pixar  Did you know that they have a secret room that is often visited by celebrities . I did   Ive always wondered what was in there lol I hope free sandwiches lol .I m sure there are  Celebrities have a lot of perks  Wish I was one . Robin Williams was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films   That seems fun   I wouldnt mind being a voice actor   I do not want to be a celebrity at all   just rich lol Seems like they have a tough life  . Yeah  but being rich takes a load of stress off of your shoulders  For example  Judge Judy makes          per episode . Yeah thats why I would just want to be rich   i dont care about being a celebrity at all  . Well  I guess normal people have it easy  We can just play video games all day .Tom Hanks  brother does the Woody voice in the video games and merchandise .Interesting  I guess kids in South Korea have it rough  It s illegal for them to play video games past midnight . Wow really   I had no idea   I wonder how they regulate that .Same here  I think I m going to go play more video games now  It was great chatting with you .Wonderful chatting with you as well 
conversation_618 Hello    What do you think of Pluto planet or not .If it were up to me it would be a planet  Seems silly to deem it otherwise .I agree   I don t like how the parameters for what is a planet and what isn t is determined by where and what they orbit . Yeah but humans are a weird species  they have laws and rules for everything.True   Look at Jupiter s moon Ganymede   If it orbited the sun it would be a planet by definition . Yeah and there is also a planet that orbits   stars  that s crazy .I wonder how that works  I guess the stars are close together . Maybe  but they would have to be far enough apart so they are not affected by each others gravity fields yet be able to influence the planet that is orbiting them .That s true   So that would mean a very large galaxy   What do you think of the planet where shards of glass precipitate sidewys at      mph in      degree fahrenheit weather . Man that would be scary  imagine is it started raining glass on earth  we would be screwed .Yes we would   For something odd closer to home we ve got Venus with it s no seasons .Do you play video games  I play probably way more than I should haha .I do play some  I play more on my phone nowadays though   It s said that we play three billion hours of video games a week . I mainly play on pc and I play a ton of a game called League of Legends  I have over  k hours  pretty crazy how addicting games can be .That s for sure   I have to say though that I don t agree with some people that games are an art form . it really depends on the game  for it to be art it really needs to stand out  but really games are not more art than a movie is .Did you know that video games were initially used by the military . Yeah I can see that  they are good training for certain things  like hand eye coordination  Video games also make more money annually than all Hollywood films . Even still  South Korea has a law that it s illegal for kids under    to play video games past midnight . Well Korea is huge for pro game players  so it s not a surprise they have more regulations on it  I also think chuck e cheese is horrible for children and I think it promotes gambling at a very early age . Speaking of early ages  Toy Story video games actually have Tom Hanks brother as Woody and not him 
conversation_619  Hello there  do you play video games much these days .Not really    I hear it s illegal in S  Korea for kids    and under to play after midnight   That rule works for me   . That is very interesting  I wonder if any other countries around the world have similar rules  .Probably    I didn t know Tom Hanks had a brother that does his voice on video games and merchandise   . Jimmy Hanks   I think I have heard about that before  good call . I guess ya gotta help out your bro   Video games were once called  cathode ray tube amusement devices  by the military    Yawn   .Yeah I don t think they imagined there would be multimillion dollar stadiums built for them .What was the military even doing with them   Did you know that Venus doesn t tilt so it has no seasons . That is interesting  I think it is the only planet that rotates clock wise as well  . For really weird rotation  Uranus actually rotates sideways and seems to  roll  around the sun  . Thats crazy  I wonder what earth would be like if we weren t spinning around  and we were rolling like uranus lol  . I guess we d have really burned and cold poles   Jupiter has a moon  Ganymede  that s more than big enough to be a planet if it were rotating the Sun .Very interesting   I guess there is a planet out there that has crazy winds of glass that blow at      mph . Wow  that would require a bit more than an umbrella    I guess signs of life have been detected on a planetary system     light years away   Very far  far away   . That doesn t seem too far away in the whole of space  very interesting  I wonder what our technology will reveal in the next    years or so  .It s small condiering the universe and very far for Earthlings   We can t even fathom going to Proxima Centarti    light years away   So are you into celebrities . Oh yeah for sure far for us as humans  I would really say I am  I don t get all the hype   How about you .Most of them have pissed me off with their force fed moronic political views   I do miss Robin Williams   I didn t realize he was the voice of Aladdin and the  st to start that trend . Oh yeah  I miss him dearly  he seemed a different breed of most of those types  and yeah he was awesome in that .Did ya know Pixar has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities   Wonder what s in there . No but I wonder the same  I wonder what kinds of things they would have in there   . I guess it s not for us mere mortals    Wow  Judge Judy makes          per episode for doing what she would be doing off camera  . That is insane   Oh judge Judy wonder what you do with all your money lol   Anyways  it s been good talking  I hope you have a good night 
conversation_620 Hey have you ever seen Justin Timberlake in concert before .No   I have not   I am not really much into pop music   It seems like he has been around forever . Yeah he s been around for a while  he s actually going to perform at the Capital One Arena very soon  His newest album is called man of the Woods by the way.Wasn t is previous album FutureSex LoveSounds in        What is the reason for the long dry spell .Yeah I don t know  I think he just needed some time to get his bearings  I guess a lot of people think that his songs feel empty in this new release though. Thinking back  about the only thing I remember about Justin Timberlake is NippleGate in the      Super Bowl   From what I read  in the interim has broken into acting  gotten married and became a father   Do people think his songs are  empty  because he has changed his style or do they think he has lost his musical bearing   His major life changes may have changed his musical perspective .Yes I think is you could alter your taste in music will change  What do you think about albums though  Who made your favorite album. Pink Floyd  The Wall  is my favorite   Did you know  The Dark Side of the Moon  is still one of the best selling albums after    years   And yours . Wow that s great  I also love Pink Floyd and I love Metallica  I know that my friend loves Linkin Park and they have a best selling album right now. I did not know that   What I find interesting is the resurgence in vinyl LPs for audiophiles   Most of my music is digital  except for some local Louisiana bands who never made it big   I still have their vinyl albums and play them every now and then   What do you think of NWA s Straight Outta Compton .I think it s a great album  It s crazy that it went platinum without getting any AirPlay or without them doing a tour.Do you think that the movie by the same name had anything to do with it going platinum .Yes I think it went platinum before the movie came out haha  Have you heard about the famous Japanese rappers though  They are twins and also     years old. That s hilarious   But it shows the international reach of pop music   I remember South Korean  Gangnam Style  was big here  I believe in        Did  you N  Korea has its own girl pop band . No I didn t  I wonder if there are any good  Have you heard them play any songs. No I have not heard N  Koreas  Moranbong Band    For them to even exist they must sing praises of the Kim dynasty   Switching to geeks  did you know scientist have voted Queens  We are the Champions  as the catchiest pop song of all time .No I didn t hear about that  But it makes sense that song is always stuck in my head haha  Do you ever play the guitar by the way . No   I spent more time out hunting  fishing  roping  and riding   But I do like to go hear the jazz   blues guitarists in New Orleans from time to time   In my youth  Van Halen was one of my favs   Did you know Eddie Van Halen recorded a guitar solo in which he set studio speakers on fire   The song was  Beat It    He sure beat up those speakers    .I heard about that  He actually set the speakers on fire because his solo was so awesome LOL that s hilarious.What I never figured out is the acts that smash guitars   I guess because I am a bit of a tightwad and would never intentionally smash something that cost hundreds or thousands of dollars   Matthew Bellamy with use holds the Guinness World Record for that . Yeah I think that s a really dumb record  but I guess it s in the Guinness Book of World Records so oh well  what do you think about Queen s guitarist Brian made by the way  He has a PHD in astrophysics so he must be really smart
conversation_621  Do you like Justin Timberlake   He has a tour called  Man of the Woods  . I have never been that huge of a fan  but I have heard his concerts are amazing   I remember watching the HBO special of his Madison Square Garden show   Are you a fan . No  I m not   I don t dislike him however    I guess people aren t quite buying his re branding   One said   all the flannel in the world couldn t warm critical reception to the tour  . Haha  that is a great line   I think he became a lot more personable after marrying Jessica Biel   He has definitely come a long way from Nipplegate .Ha   He seems to be more effect   Many think he should stick to his hits and not try to change too much . I have heard some call his new tour empty  but that  many people enjoy empty fun    Sounds poignant  but also a shot at society .I think the detractors mainly don t like the theme and think he should do shows as he has always done . Yes  people love the old stuff in general   One of the best selling albums of      was Dark Side of the Moon   Over    years after being initially released . Yes  it s a classic   Pink Floyd is different   They turned a houseboat into a floating recording studio on the river Thames . Haha  yup they are awesome   I was a being fan of Linkin Park   Very sad to hear what happened to them after having one of the best selling album s of the   st century . What happened to them   I know  Hybrid Theory  was the album of which you speak  . Big fan I meant   The lead singer passed away recently . Oh  sorry to hear that   On a lighter note  two identical twins in Japan released a rap album when they turned     in      .That is remarkable   Sounds about as wild as the president of Indonesia releasing   pop albums while in office . Yes  as wild as scientist voting the song  We are the Champions  as the catchiest song of all time   I miss Freddy   . Me too     Those were the good old days   When Eddie Van Halen literally set fire to the speakers when recording  Beat It  . His amp must have gone to      like in the movie Spinal Tap   Funny  Ricky Gervals was a pop singer in the      s  .I cannot picture that   They all have interesting quirks   LIke Brian May using coins instead of guitar picks . Or Matthew Bellamy from Muse destroying so many guitars   Sad  he should donate them to a good cause   That s been done  move on   .I agree   He actually owns the Guinness world record for most guitars smashed   Not ideal . I agree   Do something unique at least   I think the Who did that  Hendrix set one on fire    Old news   . Yup  I am with you   It was a pleasure chatting today 
conversation_622 Are you a big fan of dancing .Huge fan  I like the cha cha  You . Yeah I am  I used to go out dancing with my ex quite a bit   Did you know Tupac danced ballet in hight school .I did not that is very interesting  I did know Bruce Lee was a great dancer . Yes  I have heard that before about Bruce Lee  that guy was super talented  .My baby also is a great dancer and seems to follow the beat .Wow  That must be really fun to watch  I was always a fan of Michael Jackson s dancing .He was a legend in dancing  I am pretty fascinated by the moon how about you . Yes I am   I didn t know moon dust causes moon hay fever  did you .I did not I thought the space suit was solely for oxygen but I guess it is also to protect them  The moon is not flat you know the tallest point is almost      meters higher than Mt Everest . Wow  I did not know that  very interesting   I guess some people believed one of Mar s moons was artificial .There is all kinds of funny ideas such as the moon landing being fake  They have found methane based life on titan . Yeah I ve definitely heard those before  and wow  That is exciting to hear  .I am also big into playing the piano do you play . No  I do not  but always wanted to learn   I think it is an awesome instrument   How long have you played . I have played    years  The hindenburg blimp had a piano built for the lounge . That is very impressive  I m sure you are quite talented   And wow  whenever I think of blimps I think of the Indiana Jones movie   .There was a group of climbers that climbed Britain s tallest mountain and found a piano on top .That is the craziest fact I have heard so far   I wonder why someone would do that .I don t know but it is pretty cool  Pianos are very old instruments created in       . That is old  I wonder how much some of those pianos if they are still around are worth today .I would imagine quite a lot  I enjoyed chatting with you I must run now though . Thank you  I did as well   Thanks for the timely responses  .Your welcome good bye 
conversation_623  Hello  are you a Tupac fan  I am and wasn t aware he was a ballet dancer in High school. I m not the biggest fan of rap  admittedly  but I do like some of his work   Neat that he was a ballet dancer   Speaking of ballet dancers  I m told they go through   pairs of pointe shoes in a WEEK   Talk about being on your toes .They sure do  Michael Jackson had specially made shoes for some of his own dance moves . Wonder if that how he was able to do that  extreme lean  move he does    I m told he owns a patent on the device  but dunno if the device is shoes or something else      Did you know Bruce Lee was also a great dancer .He won the Hong Kong Cha Cha in       my kids do the cha cha slide in Call of Duty . Hehe  That s funny   Speaking of kids  they say even babies spontaneously dance when they hear music   I saw a youtube video once of a baby jamming out to Gangnum Style by Psy   LOL. That is cute when they do that  I didn t know that moon dust is so sharp  it can cut through kevlar . Not just that  but they say it can give you  Moon Hay Fever    Had no idea there was moon hay fever    that just sounds both scary and nutty    . Yeah  it does  I can t believe NASA thought about placing a UN flag on the moon  instead of the American flag . Ahhh    forget that   As far as I know  the UN didn t help the US get to the moon   Grrr    don t get started on the subject of the UN  trying to watch my blood pressure       Speaking of moons  did you know Phobos  Mars  moon  is one third hollow   .I ve always wondered how they know things like this  Especially when you think that they once thought it was hollow . That I can t tell ya   it s just amazing all the stuff they ve been able to discover just by telescopes and pictures   Heck  they believe there s evidence of methane based life on Satan s moon  Titan   That d be pretty amazing if they can confirm it . If they were smart  they would stay hidden  Oddly  an aluminum grand piano was built for the Hindenburg  I wonder how it sounded . That s a good question  dunno if making it out of aluminum would make it sound different or not   Like with violins   There s a noticeable difference in sound with them depending on the type of wood used   . I don t know much about them  as neither of my kids play piano  It s interesting that Freddie Mercury and Paul McCartney used the same piano to record songs on. That d probably make it one of the most valuable piano s ever  if it was up for sale  that is    Speaking of piano  did you know there s a song designed for stress testing auto pianos   It s called Circus Galop   You can hear it on Youtube if you re interested   .I did not  I wonder how a piano got to the top of Britains highest mountain . My guess   Pranksters   LOL   I mean  seriously  who looks at a huge mountain  and says   Hey  lets get a piano up there    . That sounds very difficult  I ve hiked the AT  and have left water behind  because it added too much weight  The BBC once decided there was nothing worth reporting  so they broadcast piano music instead .The AT   What s that   Must have been a REAL slow news day   Way the news is today I think sometimes I d rather listen to piano music instead . I know I would  Thank you for chatting with me today  have a wonderful day . Hey  you too   Take care .Thank you.Maybe we ll chat again sometime . Maybe  lol. So  be safe   The weather s been a little crazy around parts of the country 
conversation_624 Did you know that Bruce Lee was a great dancer . No but I figure since he was so good in martial arts moves  dancing would come easy   What is more surprising is Mr  Rogers learned to break dance on an episode   .Lee won the Hong Kong cha cha championship in      .Well another actress who won dancing was Emilia Clarke   She did the funky chicken dance and robot dance during her audition to Game of Thrones .It doesn t seem that that would help her get the part   Tupac danced ballet in high school . Really   I always thought he was softy in the inside   Speaking of ballet  there are slippers that made drawings from the dancer s movements   . That would look like modern art to me   Tupac obtained the role of Mouse King in a production of Nutcracker  so he was serious about it .Another dance who took his job seriously was tap dancer Bill Bailey he was the first to do the moon walk ever recorded   This whole time I thought Michael Jackson was the first . I did not know that   Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music  so I must have lost my sense of rhythm between   and   years old . Well Richard Nixon had a great sense of rhythm  he wrote a piano concerto and performed it live on the Tonight Show   .That is incredible   Ballet dancers can wear out   pairs of dancing shoes per week   Looks like that could find a more durable material .Dance is such a beautiful art even parrots are getting into the action   Parrots are able to dance perfectly in time with music .My daughter used to have an African Grey   I have seen the bird do it   My wife plays the piano which is a stringed instrument but because of the hammers can be a percussion instrument setting the beat for the parrot .Do you think parrots can dance to the sound of a piano   It crazy to think that steam piano s used to exist and I hear they are very loud .They can move with the beat  There is a gorgeous pianist named Lola Anastanove or something like that that I saw on Youtube   Freddie Mercury used the same piano to record Bohemian Rhapsody as Paul McCartney used for Hey Jude .Interesting fact   I saw a Youtube video about a mute man who was found wandering the streets in England and the only way he could communicate was via piano .In      a group of climbers reached the top of Britain s highest mountain and found a piano .How in the world could a piano have been placed there   Fun piano fact   Mozart and Haydn two of the biggest composers of the classical era each owned a piano made from the same tree . That is a fun fact   I would guess a helicopter on the piano placement   They needed a light grand piano on the Hindenburg  so they made one of aluminum and it weighed     pounds .All these fun piano facts and to think Italy was the county that invented the piano . We have a   ft   inch grand in our house   It is a great instrument   Don t forget to look up Lola  the greatest female pianist of the day   Nice talking with you 
conversation_625 Dance is a performance of art selected of human movement  It is the birth place so many exercise movement without the equipment . Awesome  I agree  I love to dance  It s aesthetic and loved by all cultures across the world .The dance movement differ from culture to culture but all movement are unique it is very interesting to watch it  style is also important . Yes  I heard that Bruce Lee was actually a great dancer and the Cha Cha championship in       Never would have guessed that . Yes  Babies dance when they hear music its very wonderful  The body more flexible while dancing and it can reduce stress . Yes  that must be a pleasure reflex that music promotes in us even as babies  Did you hear that professional ballet dancers can go through   pairs of shoes in a week . Its very interesting  Dance can be described by its choreography  to repeat the movement . Yes  did you know that Tupac danced ballet in his high school and ended up playing the Mouse King in the Nutcracker in his high school production  That s unbelievable  I never would have guessed that one .The moon is the satellite of the earth which is natural satellite  It is the fifth largest natural satellite in the solar system . Did you know that moon dust is dangerous  It is harmful to humans and causes a disease call  moon hay fever    Wow on that one too .Its very dangerous  Jupiter planet have many number of satellite  The saturn planet have rings .Wow  Did you know that the moon s highest point is even higher than Mt  Everest  by      meters  Now that s high .The shape of the moon keep changing from every    days  New moon to full moon and then full moon to new moon  We are facing only one side of the moon . Good to know  Yes  we are on the  Light Side of the Moon  which orbits our planet   Apparently  NASA considered placing a UN instead of an American flag on the moon for Apollo    . In moon  water is available in moisture form do you know  .I m not sure about that one but I d like to turn the conversation to the piano   Did you know that it was only invented around the year      . Amazing  It is played using a keyboard  which is a row of keys the performer press the key  It is very interesting to hear the music of it . I think so too  I have a few keyboards that I want to learn to play  I heard that Freddie Mercury used the same piano to record  Bohemian Rhapsody  that Paul McCartney used to record his song  Hey Jude   By the way  Bohemian Rhapsody is out in theaters this week or next  I think .You know how to play piano  Which is your favourite brand  . I have a Yamaha Portatone  an old one  and a Casio  Did you know that back in       the BBC thought that there no news worth reporting so they just played piano music instead   That is cool .In      group of climbers reached the top of Britain highest mountain and found a piano .Piano s must soothe the savage soul if someone dragged one to the top of Britain s highest mountain  What a blast that must have been to find that . Solely for stress testing auto pianos  and is not remotely playable by humans . Yes  I heard that s called the Circus Gallop .Its very interesting . Yes  I agree  I also found out that an aluminum piano was built for the Hindenburg airship and weighed     pounds  Cool .The scientist still have research about the moon and best of the different things . Yes  we still don t know everything we should but we just keep on keeping on   Thanks for the great chat .Ok  Have a great day .Sure thing
conversation_626 Do you like Linkin Park  To me they re one of those bands at the turn of the century who were like a holdover from   s grunge .I like their first album hybrid theory which happens to be the best selling album of the   st century. Yeah  I loved it too  Also all the old album rock of the Progressive Rock era  when people really started listening to music as albums instead of singles  Did you ever do that trick with  Dark Side of the Moon  where you play it in sync to The Wizard of Oz . No I haven t  which trick was that . If you start the album and the movie playing at exactly the same time  the coincidences between the songs and the movie scenes are pretty weird . That is weird  not as weird as the President of Indonesia releasing   pop albums though. Yeah  I wonder if they were any good .Well the President of Indonesia did release  . I should do a YouTube search  now that my curiosity is aroused . You should youtube Ricky Gervais too  he was a pop singer in the   s. He s a comedian now  right . Yea  he created the original UK version of the office after his pop singer days. Interesting  Do you play any musical instruments  I ve idly thought about learning the guitar for a long time  but never took any serious steps toward it .I tried to play guitar a few times but I suck at strumming the strings and using both hands. Yeah  I m pretty bad at coordination and multitasking so I should probably give up the idea too .I d like to be a rockstar and light studio speakers on fire like eddie van halen did for beat it. I used to imagine myself doing the Eric Draven guitar solo scene in The Crow  LOL .Having a grand housboat on the River Thames like Pink Floyd s gutarist sounds awesome.I wonder if that was Gilmour  I actually dreamed about listening to him last night  But to be honest I thought Pink Floyd wasn t as good as a Gilmour led group after Waters left .Well maybe but they might still be preferred over the two identical twins from Japan who released a rap album when they turned    . Yeah  they sound creative  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_627 You a Justin Timberlake fan  Sounds like his current tour is pretty cool .For a pop artist I don t mind JT  His Man in the Woods Tour  Which is album is that concert for .I m not actually sure  I will have to look that up  But he played a lot of past songs too .Oh  I think the album is actually called Man in the Woods  I don t think it was as good as his earlier stuff  I only really remember Say Something from this new album .Yeah  Well I think it s safe to say he has come a long way since Mickey Mouse Club .Have you seen any of the movies he s been in .Yeah I saw the one about facebook which I thought was good  He is a good actor but I think he should stick to pop music  Ricky Gervais was a pop singer oddly enough .I can t remember the name of the movie I saw him but Cameron Diaz and Jason Segal were in it too  It was pretty good  I can t imagine Ricky Gervais singing at all  He s hilarious though .Oh yeah I remember that movie too  Like a rom com  Yes he is  I want to look up his video lol  Wonder if he played the guitar .Haha I don t think so  His voices doesn t sound like it would translate to a singing voice at all  Although doesn t his character in The Office sing . Haha occasionally yes but not well  I just watched the movie about queen  The guitarist  Brian May  has a phd in astrophysics . I haven t seen that movie  but that band was incredibly talented  I heard the actor who played Freddie Mercury in it didn t sing the songs himself .No don t think he did  He won an oscar for it though  well deserved  Matthew Bellamy from the band muse holds the guiness world record for most guitars smashed on tour .That s cool  Muse is pretty underrated band  Super Massive Blackhole was a great album .Yeah I agree  Van Halen was also one of my favorites  He actually set the speakers on fire when he recorded beat it .Do you like rock music better than pop music . Yeah for sure  But I do like  We are the champions  which has been coined the catchiest pop music of all time .It s kind of sad that rock music has been forgotten  At the Grammy s you barely know rock music is still around based on how they present it .True  It s all pop and rap  Even the president of Indonesia has released   pop albums . It s interesting that  We are the Champions  is considered a pop song  That doesn t seem right .Yes I thought the same thing  It should be rock  I don t know what those scientists were thinking  It was great talking with you today . Same  have a great weekend 
conversation_628 Hi  Did you know that moon dust can cut through kevlar like material . No  that s fascinating  Did you know the highest point on the moon is      meters taller than Mt  Everest .I didn t know that   It really makes you think about how it must be walking around on the moon doesn t it . Yea  I wouldn t want to catch hay fever walking around with all that moon dust.i ve heard that hay fever from moon dust is harmful to people .I heard apollo    considered placing a UN flag on the moon instead of the US flag. Hmm  that could have been a good thing   It would have included the whole planet   What do you think . I prefer the US flag  I mean everyone on Apollo    was from the US .True  It was definitely an American accomplishment   I wonder what made them decide not to use the UN flag .I don t know  It s pretty interesting one of Saturn s moons may have methane based life.That is interesting   Is it Titan   I think that s Saturn s most well known moon . Mars  mon Phobos is one third hollow  that s crazy.That is crazy   It s crazy that scientists can know that and it s crazy that a large partially hollow object is orbitting around in space . Yea that is pretty crazy  so is Bruce Lee winning the cha cha championship in     .Bruce Lee won a dance contest . Yep  and Tupac did ballet in high school too. I can see Bruce lee dancing  but Tupac doing ballet   That s amazing . Yep  Tupac played the Mouse King in his high school production of The Nutcracker .That is pretty cool   Did you know that Michael Jackson has a patent on a device he used for some of his dance moves . Yea  they have videos on youtube showing how it works  Did you know the same piano was used to record Bohemian Rhapsody and Hey Jude .i honestly did not know that   I wonder if Freddie Mercury and Paul McCartney were friends 
conversation_629 Bruce Lee was so talented  He even won the hong kong cha cha championship back in       Man of many talents .Bruce Lee was great  I loved his movies   Michael Jackson was also talented   He has patent on a device that he used in dancing .That s so amazing  Even Tupac danced ballet in high school  Would have never known that .True   Do you like cars   What do you think of Tesla . Yes  Is it just me or is Tesla becoming a very popular car all of a sudden  Toyota owns     of Tesla  didn t know that .I didn t know that either   Tesla is growing in popularity  I think it is because of Elon Musk .Elon took a     million paycut in      and returned it all but     How crazy.He is impressive  Did you know he founded Paypal .He did  I did not know that  He was smart man .He also founded spacex   I wonder if he ll have space travel for everyone eventually .Wow  Who knew  Tesla model s runs linux  Fun fact .I certainly didn t   I like that they are heavily into solar energy .They specialize in a lot that I didn t know about  Even powerpack batteries .I didn t know about solar roof tiles  I thought solar was just for the cars .You can use them for solar energy I think  Whats really interesting is that Fox news is watched more than cnn and msnbc combined  I would think CNN would be popular .It is gaining in trust and popularity   I had no idea that Richard Nixon had a hand in creating it .That s neat  They broadcast in    countries .I didn t know that either  Did you know they threatened to sue the Simpsons .I didn t  Apparently they didn t like being parodied by them for anti democractic party agenda . Seems odd to sue them though  I mean  the Simpsons is a show on Fox which owns Fox News   It seems like Fox could have just stopped them .That s right  Especially since they have talked about creating a channel that would only air the Simpsons  It s like they want to keep them yet they dont want to associate with them .Odd   Fox also has affiliations with the gaming website ign .Interesting 
conversation_630  hi  do you like dance . I do  however I am not very good at it  which is what makes it half of the fun.I guess  Did you know tupac was a dancer .I didn t know that   I do know that parrots do have the ability to dance in time to music .That is cool  Yeah Tupac practiced ballet. Wow  he was really a person of diverse talents   I heard there was this one episode of Mr  Rogers where he learned to breakdance   Id like to see that one   It seems as out of place as Tupac and ballet.I know and it is a diffucult type of dance too  they go through   pairs of shoes A WEEK. I dont even go though that in a period of months  in terms of sneakers that is  That must get expensive.Yeah I bet and they do not make that much money. Yeah  definitely not enough for a Tesla  have you seen those cars   They are pretty neat   . Yes they are  I hope to be able to afford one one day. Supposedly Toyota owns     of tesla  that might be as close as I ever get   .Oh wow did not know that  ANd tesla model s runs linux. That is pretty cool   I like when groups think outside the box  it is that kind of innovation that we need   Teslas are supposedly so safe they broke the safety testing equipment.that is cool and also model s is tested indoors becuase it does not produce emissions. I didnt know that it was because it got tested indoors  but given how they run that does make sense .yeah  did you know elon also founded paypal . No   Ive read his biography  but didn t remember that one   He is a fascinating person   If people complained about their wages  he would often try to do their job  and if he deemed that he could do it  or it could otherwise be absorbed  he would fire them . Wow  he can be eccentric sometimes  I guess that is why he has managed to be where he is.They even release their patents to encourage competition .WOw  Nice chatting with you
conversation_631  Hello  How are you tonight  Have you seen the Tesla car . Yes I ve actually driven in a Tesla before  what about you  I like that they have a lot of vehicles coming out like the model S and model X these days. Yeah  I heard they were coming out with new cars  Exciting   What do you think of Elon Musk  I have watched him a few times in interviews . Yeah he s very entertaining and interviews I think  It is crazy to me though that the Tesla Model S is so safe that somehow it broke the safety testing equipment  I don t know how that s possible LOL. Really  I agree  How does that happen  Saw where he took a      million pay cut in      . Yeah that is impressive  It s also impressive that Tesla releases their patents in order to encourage competition  I definitely would not do that if I owned the company haha. Most people wouldn t  wonder why  To help the environment  Who knows he probably got something else better lined up . Yeah I agree  It s crazy though that they named themselves after Nikola Tesla  but they re not the only company that was named after him  There is another car company called just Nicola apparently. Interesting  I owned an electric car for   years  it was an easy car to drive  My husband named it the phantom  He could never here when I got home  lol. Haha well that is one benefit of the electric car then  On a different note though  what do you think about Fox News  Apparently they broadcasting over    countries around the world.About the only one I watch these days  I didn t know Richard Nixon was one of the creators . Yeah I didn t know that either  I also didn t know that they were going to sue The Simpsons because they kept parodying them  I thought that fox owns The Simpsons .I did too  Didn t know they were going to create a cable channel  just for The Simpsons  Do you watch that show . I liked to watch The Simpsons yes  back to fox news though it s interesting that their median viewer age is     that seems old. Yes  That s strange  find that hard to believe  I do believe Fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined . Yes I think you re right  It s also interesting that Fox News has only     of its time dedicated to opinion pieces while on MSNBC at     of the time  they definitely have a better percentage on Fox News in my opinion. I think so Do you like Dance  I love to watch babies dance to music  adorable  .Yes I agree with you  I also think it s funny that the girl from Game of Thrones did the robot dance and also the Funky Chicken during her audition LOL I wish I could see that tape. Ha  ha  ha I can imagine that  I m not surprised MJ used a device for the lean dance move  Wasn t that in the song  Smooth Criminal .Yes I think so  I m also shocked that he has a patent on that device  It s crazy though that the moonwalk was first performed in     so it s actually an old dance move. Really  didn t know that        they had all kind of different moves then  Good chat  . Thank you you too  And watch out next time you see a ballet dancer  apparently some ballet slippers can make drawings out of the performers movements on the floor
conversation_632  hi  do you enjoy reading . Yes  I like to read before I go to sleep  . nice  me too  did you ever read the starship trooper .I never read the star ship Trooper but I do like science fiction novels  It is not my first choice for a genera but I enjoy all fantasy . yeah   me either but is it in the reading list of three out of five us military branches.I don t think I would like a military recommended novel which would focus on battle strategies  I prefer Harry Potter . nice  that is a good one  did you know the actor who play malfoy was caught trying to steal the wand .I would hope they would let him have the wand anyway  I would imagine those actors deserve the memorabilia . i think so too  when daniel won the part of harry potter  do you know what his reward was .I think his parents let him watch Faulty Towers  I am only vaguely familiar with the TV show but I would imagine it is still a fun classic show in the UK .yeah and he must have been so happy to be able to do that. Yes  I am sure he is very grateful for being able to be apart of the movies  The Lord of the Rings films came out during that time and I always though he would also make a great Frodo .ohh yeah that is true  do you know where hogwarts is located . Yes  Hogwarts is in Scotland . yeah  many people think it is in England actually. I is a very English novel so I can imagine why people would think it was located there  not as English as Tolkien and CS Lewis novels  .true  the character of troll was actually named harry potter back in the day.I think you are confusing the Lord of the Rings with the unauthorized harry potter sequel .maybe  do you read wikipedia much . Yes  I like to check on the background of artists but I worry it is not always accurate so I just use it for more common information . that is very true  it is relevant  nice chat
conversation_633 hi how are you  do you like reading .I do like reading  I like the cognitive process of decoding the symbols to derive the meaning .I like reading because it is a good way to learn and to focus the mind .Do you know how to read in Braille .I never learned  i wonder if it is hard  i see it all over the place on signs and in elevators .I d like to learn as well  It can t be too difficult .I know that it was invented by a french guy named braille . That s interesting  Did you know that in the   th Century there was a  moral panic  because of the spread of the reading of novels .I know that poetry was the big thing back then  it was considered pure and good for morality  novels had all kinds of dirty themes .I guess they didn t want people to gain to much knowledge and perspective . Yeah  keeping books away from people usually doesnt work  they eventually get their hands on them .Did you know that Ender s Game was suggested reading material for the Marines .Enders Game has a lot of strategy and tactics in it  it is probably good for the troops . Yeah it does  it s also suggested reading for many other military organizations .I guess they like military themed novels for the troops  it will give them a better mindset . It probably would  Starship Troopers is another one that s on the list for   of the   US Military Branches  . Heinlein was in the navy  so his books have a lot of war and military  i liked that book  the movie  too . I ve actually never seen the movie nor read the book  and I was in the military  haha. LOL  The book is pretty good  but i think boys prefer it  Anyway  great chat .Great chat  I hope you have a good day .You too  Have a good day .You too 
conversation_634 Do you like sharks . I think they re one of the most interesting animals on the planet plus I enjoy watching Shark Week  how about you . I rarely watch it  But it seems like a cool show  what channel is it on  .It s on Discovery Channel  It s a yearly event they have with all different sorts of shows that they air .I don t think I have that channel  Did you know sharks rescue sailors . I never knew that  I only thought it was dolphins that did that  That is an interesting behavior for a predator .It sort of sounds not real to me .Yeah I kind of have a hard time believing it as well  I like watching some of the crazy movies they have made about sharks like The Meg or Sharknado as well .Did you know sharks can be trained like dogs to bark .I did not know that  That s another shark fact that I have some skepticism about . Yeah  I have a lot of them to be honest  Apparently they also evolved earlier than dinosaurs  . That one I can believe  they have been around is some form for a long time  The Megaladon was a huge ancient shark  They think the Great White caused it s extinction because they were smaller and able to get to prey better . What about dogs  are you a fan of dogs  . I am a big dog person  I have one of my own  I m allergic to cats so they were never really an option for me .I m allergic to cat hair too .Do you have any pets of your own . Nah  that is too much of a hassle  Did you know that google prefers dogs to cats  .I think dogs are the more social animal so it makes sense for a company to have a dog policy over a cat policy  I know of a few people who have therapy dogs that go to hospitals or even to libraries so that children with reading problems can read out loud to them without feeling embarrassed .This is true  By the way did you know that there are    different blood types that a dog can have .I did not know that  I do know that the dogs and cats than vets keep as office animals are often used for emergency blood donation . That s pretty cool  I was unaware of that  Well  nice chatting . It was nice chatting with you as well  have a great day 
conversation_635 Good morning  How are you this morning .Good morning  I am good  Just checking out all the place to eat in Vegas .I bet there are some nice places out there . Yes  some offer up immense    egg omelets and pancakes as big as hubcaps  most places on the strip .Thats awesome  So do you like fish at all .I do  They are so unique  It s cool that saltwater fish drink through their moths .It is cool  The black swallower fish can eat prey ten times its own weight and twice its own length .That is incredible  The only fish without a neck is a seahorse .I think the seahorse is the only fish with a neck  Lol  I heard about a breed of jellyfish that is immortal .Kind of males me wish to be a jellyfish  Zebra fish carry counterparts to human disease in     of their genes .I bet we could use them to study diseases related to humans then .I bet you re right  Freshwater fish drink through their skin via osmosis .That is really interesting  So what do you think about judge judy being the second highest paid celebrity behind lebron james .I have heard that she makes over     k per episode  It seems over the top to me .Hey if she can make that much I dont blame her for taking it  Lol  I guess pixar has a special room that is secret for celebrities .That would be fun to see  Do you remember the show Sesame Street  The first celebrity to ever appear on SS was Carol Burnett .I remember watching sesame street  I dont remember her being on it though  I guess I wsa pretty little though . It s hard to believe she was the fist celeb  appearance  Speaking of firsts  The first celeb  to voice an animated film was Robin Williams .Yeah I think his role as the genie in alladin kind of started that trend  He was awesome in that role .I agree  He was very talented  It was nice chatting with you today  Have a good day .You have a great day as well  Nice chat  Bye 
conversation_636  Hello  how are you doing today .I am great  how are you . I am good  have you ever been to Las Vegas .I have been to vegas  interesting place . It is  it has some of the craziest buffets I have ever seen  also its full of clebrity chef s. Yeah  the food is good  easy to put on the pounds  i dont like to gamble  it is boring  the shows can be good too .Yea I have never been into losing money  Do they still have breakfast available at all hours there . Yeah  probably  but i would avoid the cheap stuff  you could get sick  the high end is quite good  talk to the limo drivers  they can give you advice .That s how it is just about anywhere the people driving always know the best places to go . Yes  always chat with the limo drivers  give them a    tip for their thoughts  you will have a better vegas experience .Very true  Do you own any fish . I do not  never have  they look pretty  but they are not very loving . Thats very true  where I am currently in the Czech Republic we have these fish called Lamprey  They are pretty scary looking .Are those fish with the huge jaws and razor sharp teeth  Not very cuddly .Yea they look like big leeches with a row of teeth circling there entire mouth  They also only drink water through there skin .Hm  that is interesting  Fish seem interesting  There is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal  wouldnt that get boring though .It would but what if the black swallower get ahold of you . Um  i guess i would eat my way out of its guts  I can be pretty determined and have quite an appetite  .I never thought about that  Did you know     of genes known to be associated with human disease have counterparts in the zebrafish . I figure we could learn a heap from them zebrafish  Anyway  great chat . Its been great chatting with you  have a great night .Have a great weekend .Bye 
conversation_637 Have you ever had pet fish .I think I had fish when I was little  They are interesting though  My daughter has a fish in her preschool classroom and loves it.I guess fish is not actually a formal taxonomic group  There are so many types of fish  Did you know there is a type of jellyfish that is immortal . I did not before now  I find it interesting also that freshwater fish only drink water through their skin via osmosis  while saltwater fish drink through their mouth  Its odd that they are different . Right  I wonder how the freshwater fish prevents from drinking through its mouth  Seahorses are also odd creatures  They look weird  maybe because they are the only fish with a neck . I think all fish are weird  When I go out fishing with my husband I don t touch the fish  Yuck   I have never heard of a black swallower fish  but it sounds creepy that it can eat prey twice its length and    times its weight  Where would it go . I guess it expands a lot  I don t like eating fish  I think they are kind of gross  I do like aquariums  though . I don t eat fish either  Aquariums are fun  It is so fun to see aquatic animals  Changing the subject    What do you think about the fact that Judge Judy makes          per episode . That s quite a bit  but I find it hard to believe she is the highest paid celebrity after Lebron James  I thought some other actors made more than that  Maybe it s the number of episodes she makes . Well her television show is on every day  It isn t like a once a week thing  When you consider that  I am sure it equals out a lot  I am surprised to learn that Robin Williams was the first actor to perform in animated films .Society loves our celebrities  So much that we have apparently needed to see them on Sesame Street  Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear .Society does love celebrities  It is interesting that we have this love hate relationship with people we don t even know  Did you know that the most popular hat in the old west wasn t a cowboy hat  My mind is blown  It was a bowler .That s very funny that we have come to associate cowboy hats with anything western . So I am from Michigan  and I know nothing about cowboys  or really the Western half of the US too much  Everything I know is basically what I ve seen on television  and what little I learned about the expanion in School . Yeah  I don t know much either except for what I hear from TV  Going back to hats  I find it funny that until      British politicians had to wear a top hat if they were making a point of order in the house of commons .I think that speaks to the generation  Hats used to be more formal  Tipping ones hat originates fro knights raising their face visors to show friendliness  Its funny how one tradition can lead to another .Dunce caps are another funny one  They represented foolish behavior . Well foolish behavior always needs to be encouraged    I find it interesting that in      they had to pass a law regarding the limit of hatpins  out of fear they d be used as weapons  A fashion statement that had to be controlled out of fear .I ll have to keep that in mind when deciding on a self defense weapon  Watch out for my hatpin . Haha  Yes  it has a dual purpose for one to look good  and for two  don t mess with me  I ve got a hatpin  Which back in the day that might actually be a legit concern . Yes  hats aren t so widely used anymore but they do still play a big role in society .Yes for sure  NIce speaking with you
conversation_638  Hi  how are you .I m great  How are you .I am well  Have you ever been to Vegas .I ve been once of twice  Have you been .I have  I usually only go to the cheap restaurants  My time is spent gambling and drinking  What do you enjoy there .I usually try to catch some of the shows  There are some upscale restaurants too .I have not been in a long time though  Ever sine my wife gave me culture . That s very kind and thoughtful of your wife to give you culture  When you have a chance  please remember to return it to her  Do you wear hats on occasion .I try to give her as much grace as I can  We have   kids and I try to take them as much as I can so she can have some personal time  I do love hats . Which would you prefer  a bowler or a cowboy hat  The most popular hat in the old west was the bowler  not the cowboy hat .Bowler  I find it to be so funny looking  I chuckle everytime I see it  What about you  What do you prefer . I usually wear a baseball cap  I probably should wear a dunce cap  too  The origins of the conical party hat was derived from dunce caps  worn at parties to encourage foolish behavior.You could wear it to british parliment if you were going to make a point   .Wearing a point to make a point of order  Are you interested in our friends beneath the water .I am  Are you . They are interesting  and can be quite tasty  There is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal  Something about that seems unfair .I think we should study that so we can live longer  I have a pension and could use another few years of wealth for my future generations . But what will you do with your time  Immortality goes on for quite a while  Fish don t have to be entertained  but we do .Netflix  There s so many options there  Or I could work and grow my fortune even more  Like vampires do  Why do you think   they are so rich .I thought they stole stuff from their victims and sold it on eBay  Hm  Netflix probably should do a better job catering to vampire viewership .I DONT WANT TO STEAL  Just live a long time and get rich  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_639 Did you enjoy the Harry Porrer series .I only saw like the first    Did you . I watched them all yeah  and also the new movies  Fantastice Beasts and Where to Find Them. Oh ok  have you seen starship troopers . Yeah that was a nice movie  I hear its also a good book. Well   out of   military branches are require to read it  I don t recall it being that good  but hey what do i know  . Enders Game is another book recommened for military organizations  havent read the book  the movie was alright.This tells me that they are preparing for the children to run the country . Who knows  books are a powerfull tool  in the   th century they even caused a moral panic.Really what about . Because of the spread of novels  guess they werent prepared for them  its an odd thing though. Yeah knowledge is power  some institution fear for it s communities  Do you speed read . I do  im pretty slow at it but I  try to read fast  what about you . Unfortunately i didn t get that trait  If i m not careful i could be    minutes in before i realize i have no ideal whats going on  lol  However i hear the record for speed reading is       words  .       per minute  thats really fast  who holds the record .A young lady by the name of Anne Jones  I think it s cool that it is a women . It is cool  she must be really smart  do you like Cs Lewis or Tolkien .I m not sure iv e ever seen him  What does he do . they are both authors and used to have a competition concerning poetry  terrible poetry to be exact .Wow that sounds like it would be kind of funny  So im told that Hogwarts is located in Scotland not England in the HP universe . I always thought it was England  J K Rowling is a great author  
conversation_640 Do you enjoy the Star Wars movies .I do  Do you.I do  I m not a super fan but I like them  Did you know that James Earl Jones only spent     hours recording the dialogue for Darth Vader .I thought it would have been so much more than     hours .I would have thought so too  And he was only paid        . Man  I know that was in      but that s not a lot of money  I realize       for     hours of work is good but  man that s really shocking  Like Marcia being the brains behind it .I had heard that as well  She was the reason for Obi Won s death and Leia s good luck kiss . I did not like Obi s death  When I first saw that movie  I was like   and cried  I was so sad   .Oh no  It is sad  Did you know that Star Wars has been dubbed in Navajo .I did not know that  That is cool  That makes it the first one .Yes it is  Were you also aware that Fox thought Star Wars was going to be a flop .They really underestimated that one    They let hm keep the merchandising too . Yes they did  It worked out for Lucas  He gave up          in order to keep the merchandising rights  He s a billionaire just because of that .Man    Did you know spielberg played clarinet on the jaws soundtrack  Did they run out of money for musicians .I did not  I didn t even know he could play the clarinet  Jaws has such memorable music too  I do know that the soundtrack for O Brother Where Art Thou is   times platinum .Wow  I would have never thought that    I didn t even see that movie  Batman begins features tracks of different genus of bats .I did not know that either  It s very clever  Speaking of music do you like The Ramones .I do  Do you like them . I do  They toured almost nonstop for    years and performed       concerts .That s a long time  Like going to a Creed concert .Not a fan of them  I heard they performed so poorly at a concert that some attendees sued them 
conversation_641  Did you read the article about the composer of the Star Wars movie  The Last Jedi   . I did  I thought that it was so amazing that it was called the best movie score of all time  That s so fitting for one of the most popular sagas to ever exist . I ve never actually seen a Star Wars movie from start to finish  so I don t actually know much other than the most famous songs  I didn t realize how much money they made either . I m not surprised you knew some of the songs at least  for how long ago the films came out I hear children today even love the tunes like  The Imperial March   You need to watch the films  How much did they make . Apparently     billion dollars  which is pretty wild  Still not the most money made from a film series though  only  nd place.I can t believe that Fox thought the films would flop  It s too bad for them that they didn t keep the licensing and merchandising rights because of their doubts and lost out on billions of dollars . I think that s pretty normal for Fox  didn t they do the same thing with Family Guy and probably many other series that people love . Yes  you re probably right  Still I d have a really tough time getting over the loss of around    billion dollars for the whole star wars franchise  .I just can t believe they haven t gone under after making such bad decisions  Especially knowing these franchises are loved by basically everyone it seems . I know  but I think that s just how the entertainment industry seems to work  They are probably really rich . Yes  defintely they are rich  at least the people who own Fox  Also the people in the movie too  since James Earl Jones earned       for     hours worth of recordings. I was actually thinking that that didn t sound like much money for such a huge role  I know that even George Lucas was supposed to be paid    k alone just as a  directing fee .I would love to work for       hr  Seems like you wouldn t need to get too many jobs in order to have a liveable salary. Meanwhile  entertainers in the music industry seem to work very hard  like Linkin Park performing     concerts in      alone . That is a lot of concerts  wow  That s probably more working days than most people ever think about doing in a year.Yeah and other famous bands like the Ramones toured non stop for twenty years straight. I guess if you re doing what you love it really doesn t seem like work  Sometimes you don t even need an audience to play live  like Pink Floyd did in     .And not just without an audience but some musicians like the members of Creed will keep trying even after being sued by four unhappy concert goers .I can t even imagine a concert being so bad you get sued by the people there  It must have been very bad  That s got to be a sign that maybe you should find something else . Yeah  and you don t necessarily have to give up music either  the guitarist of Radiohead Johnny Greenwood ended up becoming a succesful indie classical composer  . I d want to be the person who just names the titles of songs  like they did on the Batman Begins soundtrack where it was either a genus or family of bats
conversation_642  Hi there  are you a fan of Star Wars .Yes I am   Been a fan since a kid   George Lucas created a monster when he made the first Star Wars movie in      .And it also holds the Guiness World Record for the Most successful film merchandising franchise  That is mind blowing.I believe it   In      the franchise was estimated to be valued at    billion dollars .That is amazing  Did you know his wife made major changes to the film that led to her winning an Academy Award . I didn t know that   She was in the right place at the right time  lol  When it was released    th Century Fox thought it was going to flop   Boy were they wrong .Yup pretty wrong about that one  It ia also the first major film to be dubbed on Navajo .That s interesting   James Earl Jones only spent     hours recording Darth Vader s lines for the original movie   Pretty fast worker .Yeah and he only made       from it but I wonder if he got any royalties after.Good question   I m sure he had to have made something   The franchise made George Lucas a billionaire . He played it smart  he paid a little money to keep the licensing and merchandising rights to himself           well spent.No doubt   Do you like going to concerts . I do actually  but only when I have time  DId you know Linkin Park played     concerts in      . I didn t know that   Wow   That s a lot of concerts in one year   The Ramones played non stop over    years playing a total of       concerts . That just blows my mind  did they not get tired  Wow  I wonder if they played in the ancient theater in Croatia .They might have   lol  Pink Floyd played at an ancient. Yeah they did but the theater was empty  no audience  Wonder how that idea came about. You knew about it   cool   Sorry I hit the enter button by accident   In      the band Creed played a show that was so bad that   of the concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band   They must have been really  really bad . No worries  Yeah  I am glad I have never had such an experience at a concert  at least so far  Speaking of music  did you know that Spielberg was the one to play the clarinet in the Jaws soundtrack .I had no idea   The soundtrack to O Brother Where art Thou  is cerfified   times platinum   Loved that movie and the music in it . Yeah that is true  they did a great job there  Nice chatting with you
conversation_643 Do you know what the dodo bird looks like . No  I do not   What does a dodo bird look like . lol  they say its from the pigeon family  I love birds and have watched them make nest . Apparently  hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests   Lazy birds . Ha  ha  ha  right  I wonder how many days it takes birds to fly without sleeping from Alaska to Mexico .I don t know  I wonder if at least they rest somewhere along the way   That was an interesting fact .I would think they would have to  But they must not stay long or sleep and keep going . Apparently  in most birds  bones are so hollow that the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers . I never thought about that the feathers would weight more  but it makes sense  African grey parrots as well some wild birds in Australia can mimic alot of different sounds and noises .Please tell me what types of sounds or noises they can mimic .lol I had an African grey that could say everything I said around the house  Like clean your room  as well any loud sounds .That s interesting   I did not know that there were two types of birds that had no wing   They are extinct though .That s interesting   Were they called moa and elephant birds .Yes they were   Do you have more uncommon facts about birds   Have you seen bee hummingbird    They are only   inches in size .I have a hummingbird feeder and its interesting to watch them flutter their wings while eating  Are you interested in comedy films  Bill Murray was always funny .I like comedy films   Do you like Bill Murray   Which one is his best comedy film . He has a few  the first I can remember is Caddyshack  I never watched  rd rock from the sun  Was it any good . I have not seen that one   Are you familiar with a comedian  Demetri Martin   Apparently  he was accepted into Harvard law but left out of boredom and decided to pursue a career in comedy   . No  I m not familiar but I bet he s really talented to leave Harvard Law  Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to do comedy too . Life is short   I think you should pursue your dream  if you can    I like Ryan Stiles   .I agree with you on that  Live each day to the fullest   Good chat  .It was nice chatting with you   Have a nice day 
conversation_644  hey there  do you like nature and animals .Why yes I most certainly do  Do you . Yes  I really like all animals and especially birds .Have you ever watched the Paddington   .No I have not  is that a kid friendly movie .Yes it is about a lovable talking bear.oh ok that is cool  do you like horror films .I do like horror films  Insidious was a good one I watched that focuses on a paranormal investigator and her sidekicks . I cannot bring myself to watch them really  I might when I need to go on a diet though  as you burn more calories.My girlfriend also cannot watch them so I have not really seen many horror films the last   years .apparently if you watch a horror movie and then see abstract art you enjoy the art more.Very fascinating fact  I would love to see Liam Neesen in the commuter movie .do you know what a waterphone is . no I do not  what is it .it is an instrument they use to make sounds in horror movies.Did you know that crows are the most intelligent birds .I had heard about it when I read that they drop hard shelled foods in the pavement where cars pass by so they can crack them with tires.Very fascinating that crows figured out how to do that . yeah  very smart creatures  have you seen pictures of the dodo bird . I have not  that is a funny name for a bird .Unfortunately it is a bird that has been extinct and was in the family of pigeons.Very sad for the dodo bird .i know and for many other species that have gone extinct over the time too.Moa and elephant birds also are extinct .yeah too bad  birds are amazing though  nice chatting with you
conversation_645  I did not know that the sun is actually white  did you . Yea  I heard the sun is perceived as yellow due to atmospheric scattering. Yeah that amazes me  Kind of like a lighting bolt being hotter than the sun  wow .Well the surface of the Sun isn t the hottest part of the sun so I can see how a lightning bolt can be  x hotter. I wonder how much energy a lighting bolt could produce then since the sun can produce enough in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for         years . I don t know but the sun does have         times the mass of the earth. Good point  but it s only   billionth the size of the biggest star in our galaxy  .It s crazy that the sun is        the total mass of the solar system yet so small compared to other stars.I know so much we have not discovered  Do you like animals  There are    quintillion individual animal on planet earth . Yea  it s insane that there are   million species of insects.did you ever hear that when a animal is domesticated that it develops a white patch on it s forehead . No  i think I m gonna go see if their is white patch on my dog s forehead.Right i never noticed that either  Do you like fiction .I like to read novels and short story fiction.Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction  Do you know what of .I heard Caesar wrote about Hercules and Oedipus as a kid.That s right  Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest examples of a cyborg in fiction .I like reading Edgar Allen Poe but haven t heard of stories involving cyborgs.Yeah and apparently Wiki ranks fictional character according to their powers and abilities .Nice  Did you know George RR Martin dislikes fan fiction .I did because he said it infringed on copyrights and was a bad exercise for aspiring writers  Not sure if i agree with that .Well I have to go  See ya
conversation_646  Hello  do you know a lot about the Solar System . Well  the center of our solar system is the sun  which provides the majority of energy to support life on Earth . True  and it is very important to the earth as a source of energy  Can t get by without that .The sun evidently produces a type of solar music that can be picked up by a radio station that can change solar activity into sound  That would be interesting to hear . Sure would  It also makes enough energy in   second to cover the needs of the whole planet for         years .It also provides life giving support to over   million living animal species .Crazy  Did you know that it is actually white and only visible as being yellow because of atmospheric scattering .Our solar system has given a lot of opportunity for some great sci fi movies. Yeah  creepy though that the sun accounts for        of the mass of the Solar System  That is a huge percentage .True  The earth is a little pin hole .Yeah it amounts to the sun being     times that of earth  What a monster .Did you know that sunset on Mars in blue .Really  Wonder if any animals live there like the    quintillion on earth .Don t think so  It s like a ball of fire rotating as a solid body  The equator rotates faster than the poles . Ok  guess not then  Hey  are you a reader  Like fiction . Yes  I love fiction  The term  robotics  was coined by Isaac Asimov in       .So do I  I never heard of Asimov  Seems kinda early in the     s for such a modern word .     actually  A new fiction novel coming out around      election is centered on communicating from the afterlife  Do you like stuff like that .No not really a fan of that type of novels  I am more into Edgar Allen Poe  He wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fiction . He was a great author  but I think he was a little strange  .Well that s probably true of lots of them  lol  Hey nice chatting with you  Have a great day 
conversation_647 Hello  I love good weather all thanks to the sun  It is a perfect sphere of hot plasma .Me too  I saw that the sun is actually really white .Yes you re correct but it only appears yellow because of atmospheric scattering .Very cool  Did you know a lightening bolt is actually   times hotter than the surface of the sun .I hope I never get struck by one  Surprisingly the sun is only   billionth the size of the biggest star in our galaxy .Me either lol  That s pretty small then in comparison to the other stars  I would have never imagined that .Yes me too  The sun is definitely the most important source of energy for life on earth  It accounts for about        of the total mass of the solar system . Definitely  It produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of our planet for         years which is amazing . That is so cool  It makes sense though since the mass of the sun is about         times that of earth .For sure  Do you like animals . Yes I love animals  There have been around     million species described  so plenty for everyone to have a favorite .That s a lot of species  I saw there are    quintillion animals on Earth .That is amazing and I can t even fathom that much  The study of animals is called zoology and they must be busy with all those animals .For sure  Animals get white patches on their heads when they are domesticated .Oh maybe that explains why there are so many white patches on dogs  If you are annoyed when you get hiccups just remember they are a hold over from early evolution .Definitely  That s interesting about hiccups  That would have been so cool to have lungs and gills .Yes I would love to breathe underwater  The country of Scotland has a protection act against the Loch Ness monster  Do you think it exists .That would be awesome to breathe underwater  That s hilarious for something that might not even exist .Yes I think so too  And this happened all in       Well it was great chatting with you .Animals are pretty fascinating to study  It was good chatting with you too .Have a good one 
conversation_648  Hello  how are you doing tonight .Great  Are you into baseball   Funny that MLB managers wear uniforms since they can actually play in the game . Yea  I wonder how often that has ever happened though .Maybe many years ago     Baseball is really popular in Japan to the point that Japanese fans are surprised to learn that it s the US s national pastime .I was just at a Japanese baseball game a few months ago  It was amazing . Wow  that s great   Have you seen a kickball game in Canada   I guess they call it soccer baseball .They would name it that  Almost reminds me of that movie with the producers of South Park .Yeah   Do you play golf  Babe Ruth was once the USA s most famous golfer . I don t play golf  not many courses here in the Czech Republic  How about you . When it s warm   You re English is good  Are you a native Czech   Golf courses use a lot of water   An average course uses         gallons of water a day   many liters .I grew up in Ohio for most of my childhood  That s alot of water  Did you know there is a golf course in dubai that requires   million gallons of water a day . I can believe that   Speaking of Babe Ruth  he was caught stealing to end game   in the      World Series   His team was down one run   Sad for the Bambino   .That is sad  Did you ever hear about Samuel L Jacksons golf clause . Yeah  he gets to play   times a week   No surprise  the women s World Cup got more TV viewers than the US World Series  .I can only imagine why  Did you know Babe ruth actually got caught stealing to end game   and lose the      world series when his team was only down by   run . Yes  I mentioned that above     Did you know that the Chicago Cubs were the first baseball team to win back to back World Series . You did  wow long night tonight  I did nt know that . Did you know about the MLB controversy over the composition of the ball   I guess since it was changed  there have been a lot more homeruns . I hear some things about players thinking that the ball was rigged  but anyway its been nice talking to you  sorry for that brain lapse . No problem   Curious  how are Americans perceived in Czechoslovakia    Trump  On the ball thing  I guess they did many studies on the ball s drag   They had a lot of trouble nailing it down   It remains something of a mystery . Czech Republic and Slovakia split up several years ago  we are   different places  As far as Americans go they are welcomed  Take care . Thanks   I have a good friend from Belgrade   He says they like Trump there   Clinton bombed them    Thank you  you were great 
conversation_649 Have you heard about Idra Novey  Her second novel those who knew is apparently a very good book.No I have not  What is the book about . Well it apparently deals with death  which is not very uplifting  but it involves a revolutionary figure apparently.It sounds interesting  I like fiction and also non fiction like scientific things about space or animals  Did you know that Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest known cyborg in fiction .No I didn t but that sounds really cool  I d have to check that book out haha  What do you think about Julius Caesar writing fanfiction for Hercules by the way. I really like history  that is so interesting  Well I suppose George RR Martin would disagree  he despises fan fiction .Yeah he does hate it  He considers that to be copyright infringement which is weird to me.I agree  Did you know that the lochness monster is a protected species . Yes I thought that was crazy  Scotland passed a animal protection act back in      in order to protect the Loch Ness monster LOL I hope it s real by the way. I know right  Another animal fact  in      Germany was the first country to give animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights .Wow I didn t know that  I wonder what kind of Rights those include  Do you know  I also wonder why animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated. I didn t know that  that is strange  Did you know that Hiccups are a holdover in early evolution when animals had both lungs and gills  So bizarre  .Wow that is very crazy  What is your favorite animal by the way  I know that I really like dogs.I really like dogs also but overall I would say a tiger .A pet tiger would be awesome  Do you know anything about the Sun by the way  Apparently it s actually white and not yellow. Yes that is because of the atmospheric scattering  The sun produces enough energy in one second for the entire earth for         years  . Wow that s crazy  We should try to harvest that  but it makes sense because the sun is     times the diameter of Earth actually.The sun is only   billionth the size of the largest star that we have discovered in our galaxy.That makes the Sun seem really small LOL what do you think about the fact that it takes Neptune almost an entire Century to rotate around the sun.Wow that is a long time  The Sun is     times larger than the Earth and accounts for almost      of the solar systems mass .Yeah that s very impressive  I don t think people appreciate that the sun is by far the most important source of energy for our life on Earth
conversation_650 do you like baseball .I do even though I prefer football   Why did you ask . I was wondering if it interest you   I learned some fun facts recently  Baseball managers can technically play if needed  . In order for managers to play  they need to know how to play baseball though   .I am pretty sure they know how to play baseball considering they are baseball managers           . Are they physically fit though   For instant  in a different sport  managers do not have to play    the notre dame manager before the current one was very fat   He knew how to manage the team but he could not play football in a million years   What I m asking is if the baseball managers need to be able to play baseball effectively   Is this true that opposing team will receive three bases if a player catches a baseball in their hat . The fun fact is that they are able to play IF NEEDED  They dress up in uniform just in case   baseball teams have like    players though hes probably not needed and hes probably not fit   That wasnt the point though  . I see what you mean   I m not very familiar with baseball rules   Apparently  the Chicago cubs were the first baseball team to win back to back in the world series but they have not won since then .Thats interesting   I hear in canada kick ball is called soccer baseball lol. I did not know that           balls are used for a typical major league baseball season   It is such a waste and is not good for the environment .I recently found out that Japan like baseball and they didnt even know it was an american pastime lol.That was funny   Another funny fact   The Albuquerque minor league baseball team was named after the baseball team in the Simpsons .Oh thats awesome love the simpsons great show . It is   I like it too   Apparently  the World Series was started in        I did not know that .Babe ruth was once americas most famous golfer lol.I did not know that   I learn a lot while chatting with people   I read an article that the women s world cup had higher television ratings than the world series in the US   That was strange .Thats cool   I wish I had samuel l jackson schedule he gets to golf twice a week lol.I do knot know that Samuel Jackson is a golfer   Kim Jong ill of North Korea scored    holes in one in his first and only round of golf .Thats impressive   he has time to golf . He is the boss   He can do whatever he wants   When you said about Samuel Jackson  is he the actor . Yeah pretty famous   pulp fiction   marvel avengers   etc   Its been great talking   have a good one  
conversation_651  Hi Turker  did you know with    state in the union there are     US Senators . Yep I did know that  each state gets two senators actually  So you re right about that  I think it s interesting that the Senators used to be elected by the states  but obviously now they are elected by the people. Yes that true I wonder at times the what reason did the change took place  I may read upon that sometime . Yes I think it was from      until       but I am curious as to why they changed it  even though it makes a lot more sense to me  Did you hear about when Richard Nixon cracked the     year old gavel by the way . No  I didn t know that  Did you know women weren t allowed to wear pants on the us senate floor until       wow .No I didn t know that  That seems so backwards  And also kind of sad  Hopefully those women got to get into the Senate drawer with all the candy though LOL have you heard about that. Yes  I wonder why so much candies  I was told back in the day was more a man control world  especially when it comes to women .Yes that s the way it was unfortunately  I would love to get into that candy drawer right now though haha  I love Mars Bars and milky Way s and jelly beans lol  I m actually really hungry just thinking about it. I was thinking the same thing earlier  hahaha are you familiar with the ex basketball player Michael Jordan .Yes I ve heard of him  I loved when he would play he was so good  Did you hear what he said when someone asked why he wasn t endorsing a Democratic candidate . Yes  that was a little cold of him  because republicans brought his shoes too . Yep  but I did like how he just stayed out of politics  I think too many celebrities get involved and it just messes everything up  Speaking of politics  do you ever watch Fox News . I may have watched Fox News once or twice  not that I have anything against it  because I pretty much know what s true or false  but I like CBS NBC or News    . Yep that s kind of what you have to keep in mind  is that most news is biased  I didn t know though that Fox News owned ign com which is a video game website  I never would have figured that out. wow I didn t either  don t you know fox news is watched more than cnn and msnbc combined .No I didn t know that  I wonder why that is  It s also scary that Fox News tried to sue The Simpsons when they were making fun of them too much . Wow  fox news was created by republican media richard ailes and president richard nixon . That is really crazy  I didn t know that Richard Nixon was involved in Fox News  Also I was wondering  because the Simpsons is owned by Fox  if Fox News sued The Simpsons would they be suing themselves  How would that even work. You are right unless fox didn t own the simpsons until after the lawsuit  I really don t know how that work .What do you know about clothes by the way  Did you know that the pilgrims did not actually wear those black clothes all the time . No  I didn t know that  I don t clothes shop that often  It was nice chatting with you 
conversation_652  hi there  do you know much about US senate .I know a little   What about you .I know they keep a drawer that is stuffed with candy there. Yeah  I heard about that candy drawer   Too funny It s currently supplied with candy made in Pennsylvania . Yeah all the brands that I like too  Milky Way  Mars  and jellybeans. Cool  those are some of my favorites  too  .Yeah so tasty  Did you kmnow they had a gavel for     years before Nixon broke it.Ha Ha   He would have been the person to crack it   I heard that women weren t allowed to wear pants until      .Good thing those two senators stages a protest and now they get to wear whatever they like. That s so crazy  it took so long for that to happen .yeah unfortunately  Do you have favorite clothes . Not really  I wear mostly jeans and tshirts . Nice  do you like monocolor or colorful shirts . I m like the pilgrims  I like colorful clothing   You know they only wore black for special occasions .That is pretty cool  Even apple had a clothing line. I didn t know that   Have you ever been to the store in Alabama that sells only clothes  cameras  etc  found in unclaimed baggage at airports .I have not but now I would like to visit that  DO you know how fashinistas tell if clothes need to be tailored . Yeah  they look for collar gaps on your clothes  I think .Yesh that is it  Have you heard of the brand rip curl . Yeah  they say they make their clothes in China  but actually they re made in North Korea .Yeah that one  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_653  Good morning  do you listen to a lot of music . Yes   I span many genre  but like classic country and classic rock the best   I still have vinyl albums in the attic from my youth in the   s and   s   And you  .I listen to all sorts as well  I think rock is my favorite genre . Were you ever into the electric guitar instrumentals of the   s and   s  like the Ventures . I play a little guitar  not as good as any of those bands though . I cannot play  but I do like good clean instrumentals   About a year ago  Nokie Edwards  lead guitarist of the Ventures died    Secret Agent Man  is on of my favorite Venture s tunes   I listen to the MP  when I need a pick me up .I know the song but did not know who the band was behind it  I like that song as well . So  do you play acoustical or electric guitar . I have an electric guitar  I never owned an acoustic one  I personally prefer the sound of the electric guitar more .Nokie started out playing a Fender Telecaster then switched to a Mosrite   Fender is a prominent guitar maker   I have not heard of Mosrite   Have you .No I have never heard of them either  I do own a Fender however . What I did not know is that Nokie played country with the likes of Buck Owens before starting the Ventures   I wonder if ever played on Buck Owens TV show  Hee Haw  . I m not sure  that show is a little bit before my time  I don t think I ve ever seen it .It is an old show     You mentioned rock was your favorite genre   What is your favorite rock album . I have lately been listening to more greatest hits albums to listen to some classic acts  Right now I am listening to a lot of Queen  David Bowie  and the Dire Straits . Mark Knopfler formerly with Dire Straits is my favorite living guitarist   You should look up his solo works   My favorite rock album is Pink Floyd  The Wall    Did you know that their album  The Dark Side of the Moon  was still a best selling album as of       more than    years later .They are a band I would like to listen to more  I know a couple of their songs but they seem to have a diverse and interesting catalog . Have you ever listened to WhiteSnake   I like some of their music  but the band does not have much stability   They have had more that    members  so its hard to know who played which song  unless you refer to their Wikipedia page . I have listened to a song or two of theirs  I did not know they had that many members  That is a lot of turnover . True  and with that much turnover  their music style drifts based on the style and personality of current members   Do you still purchase albums or do you stream music  like Spotify . I stream my music  I like the ability to be able to customize my playlists and separate songs how I would like them  It was fun talking music with you  have a great day . I stream too  but I also purchase to load on my old iPod to use when cycling   Streaming on my cell on a        mile bike ride might leave me stranded with a dead cell and no way to call for help should I need it   Take care    . That s a good point  I don t bike that far so I think I should be okay  You take care as well 
conversation_654 Did you know Bruce Lee once won a Cha Cha championship . No  is that true  that s pretty amazing but not completely surprising. It is  he was really graceful as a martial artist  so I would believe it. yes  that was my sentiment also  dancing can be much fun and relaxing as well as take one away from everyday troublesl.I never have been a great dancer   But I do martial arts . oh  that s very interesting  I never tried it myself  Did you know Tupac was a ballet dancer in his high school years .I think have heard something about him dabbling in dance   So many people have such diverse talents that most dont realize . yes  I had heard about it recently and was quite surprised by it  I like a bit of wordplay myself  but would not consider myself a poet . Ive never been with words  but I do like poetry  especially inventive ones   Demetri Martin once wrote a     word palindrome poem   Thats amazing . it sure is  people have used poetry for a long time  even in ancient times and all over the world .Even the Javanese alphabet when recited in order becomes a poem . I can imagine that would make it a lot easier to remember  I wish some other things were in poetic form  that might make them easier to recall . very true  people often dont get their pay for poems  Poe only got    for the Raven. did you know that someone made a poem that is depressing when read normally  but becomes inspiring when read backwards  I wonder how much that person got paid .Ive seen one like that before   That takes a lot of planning and creativity . omg yes  William Shakespeare was quite a poet  and a successful one at that .He really has changed society   Some of the phrases he coined are still around today like wild goose chase . I know  and a lot of others too  makes me wonder  if they were in common use and he was the one that wrote them down  or actually invented them . Very true  maybe it was something people just said  there are plenty of phrases we use today that havent made their way into literature . and maybe some of them are better left out  but it would make for interesting material for future generations  maybe write it all down like Shakespeare and put it on stage . You never know  it could make you famous . hahaha yes  I doubt though as famous as good old Shakespeare  he even invented many names that are still popular to this day .He was a legend   Its been great chatting but I must get going 
conversation_655 Good evening .Hello  Do you use your computer often . During the week  yes   a lot   On the weekend  not so much  Sometimes I feel like my entire life and mind are inside my computer   . It is truly amazing how many things we can do on the computer  despite it simply being a device to carry out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations  Those  s and  s sure go a long way .Binary rules   It is amazing and remarkable how far technology has come in the last few decades   leaps and bounds   The space shuttle s GP computer ran off of  MB of RAM    .I mean its amazing how computers can be made of anything from basic minecraft building blocks to running on water. You mean computers that are powered by hydroelectricity   When I fist read your message  I thought it said computers made out of water   which would be very strange .Oh lol  I should have been more clear but yes that it runs on hydro power  Do you think we will one day be able to upload our minds into computers like transhumanists think . I think we will but not in the literal sense like in the Matrix   but to a large extent  we have already made storing the majority of our lives in the cloud.Wow that is an amazing way to think of things  What do you do online . For work I do a lot of research and confirmation of transactions  also look for data I can use to support my theories and valuations   You . Lol  I look at cat videos all day  Of course I do my share of work on my computer as well  but I also enjoy relaxing sometimes. Yes   The cats  the videos  the cat videos to pass the time away   I sometimes get lost on Reddit looking at Memes and some of them also include cats   . My favorite cat memes are the ones where they defy gravity and have no legs  Surprisingly despite dogs being man s best friend  there are more pet cats than dogs. I would love to see the metrics on that stat about cats v  dogs   my main question revolves around the fact that if cats could talk  they would dispute being a pet and think that the human is their pet . Well thinking that way are we really the pets and our pets the master  After all  we provide them with shelter  luxurious food  and they pretty much don t even have to work for anything much less like us  Hmm going into some very dark territory . Luxurious food for sure   our dogs eat so well it s criminal   But they do walk me  make me take them out to relive themselves  make me pick up after them    . Hmm maybe we are on to something  I see why cats were initially valued to control pests in some cultures and gods in others  but man they can laze about as much as they want  A cat that is    years old has spent    years sleeping  . That sleeping metric is something I can get behind   If we were the pets  I suppose I would be sleeping a lot more . Did you know cats can even become elected officials  In talkeetna  alaska  a cat has been mayor since     . Ha   Now we re going back to who rules the roost   Although  the cat can t possibly be worst than a human politician in that position. Indeed  In any case  I really enjoyed this chat  I hope we aren t taken out for discovering the conspiracy of pets being the true masters 
conversation_656 Did you ever hear of Nokie Edwards of the Ventures   He helped create hits in the    s .I have not ever heard of him  What type of music did he they play .Looks like he did surf rock standard.Rock music is good   Even though I ve heard that termites will eat wood two times faster when listening to it . Who comes up with that fact   Do you enjoy Van Halen   He recorded the guitar solo for  beat it  .I do like Van Halen and I didn t know that   Did you know that Aerosmith made more money from the guitar hero game than from any album they did .I know that game is very popular   Pink Floyd guitarist made a houseboat on the river thames into a recording studio   I d like to be on that boat.That would be cool   Guitars are wonderful inventions  The les paul gibson made in      has never gone out of production .Queen s guitarist must have been brilliant with a phd in astrophysics .Seriously  that s impressive   Brian May of Queen built his guitar himself from parts from an old fireplace . I guess he really is a genius and creative too   Did you ever  the dark side of the moon    It s been a best seller for    years .I can t remember if I have or not to be honest  Have you ever heard Legend by Bob Marley   It s been on the charts for over     weeks .I don t know   Maybe   If you want to hear something interesting then you can listen to two     year old twin rappers from Japan . i bet that is interesting   Say  did you know that Ohio is the only state with an official rock song .I didn t know that  Who created their rock song . I don t know but I do know the name is  Hang on Sloopy  .Matt Bellamy holds the guinness record for most guitars smashed   I would have rather seen them go to charity though .I would have too   Rockers can be strange   Led Zeppelin didn t put a title on their  th album   They just wanted to confuse the press .That would make it hard to find wouldn t it    Do you know the band Linkin park   They had the best selling album in the   st century .I do know them and like them   That is impressive  I had no idea it was that popular .Whitesnake gave some opportunities to people with over    members in their band throughout history   Better odds for someone to be in their band 
conversation_657   Reality show  is a good description for Bezos s search for a new headquarters location  LOL . The Amazon guy  Yeah  reality show sounds about right based on the jokes I read on Twitter . I can t believe all those cities were competing to see who could give him the biggest corporate welfare deals  just so he could fill most of those  new jobs  with people brought in from outside    and probably drive up rents more than enough to make up for any new revenue . Oh yeah  The whole thing is a mess  It s the largest internet retailer in the world by revenue and market capitalization  so I guess I understand the desire for cities to want to get a piece of the action . Yeah  I live in Arkansas and see a lot of that approach of scheming to lure in outside business    instead of encouraging the growth of more local business right here  It always costs more up front in new taxes and infrastructure spending than we get in revenue . Ah  Arkansas  home of Walmart  the prior most valuable retailer in the United States until surpassed by Amazon in      . Yeah  Walmart HQ is about    miles from where I live  and they basically own the local governments  They just let us live here .I can see that  Walmart is the largest employer in the United States  That s quite a lot of power . Yeah  when I was a little kid there were only a handful of stores  all in NW Arkansas  I think the one in my hometown was the third one built . Well  Amazon is gunning for them in all aspects  that s for sure  Who would have guessed that a simple online bookstore would diversify so much  They sell and stream everything now . Yeah  and they own Whole Foods too . And since      they ve owned IMDB com  They really have their hands in a lot of buckets  don t they .Yep  And unfortunately they re setting the pace for how labor is treated  The conditions in their warehouses will probably be copied in a lot of other service industries if somebody doesn t do something .Yeah  I ve heard Amazon workers walk between   and    miles each day as part of their daily shift . That s horrendous  I did a lot of walking as a hospital orderly  but it wasn t that much  They even wear diapers or pee in bottles because they can t get bathroom breaks .That just makes me so angry  I have to pet my cat to calm down  Do you like cats . I do  My mom fed a pregnant cat and encouraged a feral colony to grow up in her back yard  and I inherited responsibility for them and had to move them to where I live now when she died  But they re a lot of fun . Cats are the second most popular bet in the US  after freshwater fish  I would have just assumed cats were first  Everyone loves cats  right . There are people who say they don t like them  or who prefer dogs  but it s hard for me to understand . In Japan and Taiwan they even have cat cafes  where people pay hourly to have drinks and play with cats  .Sounds kind of like a dog park  I bet it would be fun  Nice chatting .I ll have to plan a trip to Japan to check one out  Good bye .Bye 
conversation_658 Hi do you shop online much . I do actually I do a lot of shopping on Amazon  and you .Me too  Do you ever use AmazonBasics products .I do and I find they to be of good quality despite the fact they are not believed to be so.Yeah I think so too  Did you know Jeff built a clock in a mountain .Yeah heard about that and it is supposed to run for        years.Yeah wonder what that is about Did you know Amazon own IMDB .Yeah they have owned it since       They are everywhere it seems.Yeah  And they now deliver on Sundays because of a contract with USPS.That is convenient for sure  Their workers seem to work up to    miles a day.That makes sense since they are so busy all the time but that is a lot of steps.Yeah for sure  Do you know who their first customer was .Yeah it was this guy who spent less than     and got a building named after him .Yeah that is awesome  do you use your computer much .I do all the time actually  Mine runs on a bigger ram than the space shuttle one. Haha true story    mb of ram is nothing nowadays  Russians once made a computer that ran on water.That us pretty amazing  Do you have an Apple of a PC .I have an Apple and I hear that you are not allowed to smoke near that as it voids the warranty  Glad I do not smoke.Yeah good for you  Transhumanists are trying to upload their minds to the computer.Wow I wonder if they will manage to do that eventually  Do you like animals . I do  I have a dog and two cats  And you 
conversation_659 William Shakespeare was a master writer  I would argue that the world will never see another like him . I agree with you   I heard he might have actually been a woman  or   a group of people   Did you know he is credited with inventing the names Miranda  Jessica and Olivia .Yeah I actually did know that  He was a very interesting character  He kept his life very private .Are you a fan of artistic dance like ballet as well as Shakespeare . I am not really a fan of artistic dance  However  did you know that Tupac danced ballet in highschool  Dance is such a undiscovered art . No  I didn t know that about Tupac but I know football players talk ballet to learn to be more flexible and nimble . Huh  that is pretty interesting  I have never heard that about footballers before  Michael Jackson even had a patent on a device that helped him lean that one time   .How about poetry   Are you a poetry lover since you like Shakespeare . Not really a poetry fan  but I do appreciate Shakespeare s work  Poetry is an interesting work of art though  so much effort and thought is needed to create such a small amount of work .I read there is a poem which if read normally is depressing but when read backwards is inspiring   I d love to know the title or who wrote it   Do you know . I have heard about this poem before  but I could not tell you the name of said poem . I don t think most poets make a living at it even today   Edgar Allen Poe got    for The Raven  which is probably like  what       today .Yeah I believe so  Poets back in the day where starving artists .I think they still are starving for the most part   Did you know the Javanese alphabet when recited in order forms a poem . Why yes I did  Poetry dates back such a long time  It started in Africa by the Nile  Niger and Volta river valley  .I didn t know that   Do you think rap is our modern poetry . Wow  I did not know that  That does sound about right though  Did you know that ancient Grecians concentrated on the features of poetry such as repetition and uses of speech  . Yes  they tried to distinguish it from more objectively informative and  prosaic forms of writing . Yeah  exactly  I would argue that ancient people were much more driven and intellectual than modern civilization   .They had less distractions and fewer forms of entertainment   The Epic of Gilgamesh was written in Sumerian and is the earliest Western Asian poetry . Yeah  Epics are interesting forms of work  So much writing for such limited meaning  But  its all about how much you love your work . Or  how much you have to say   Great chatting with you 
conversation_660 Hi  Do you like Shakespeare .Hello   Yes I do   He is regarded as the greatest writer in the English language   Are you a fan .I find him to be like poetry   it takes a while to get  I saw Macbeth at the Folger Theatre and enjoyed it . How neat   He coined a lot of popular phrases we still use today such as  good riddance   laughing stock  etc . Really  I hear he invented the name Miranda  Who knew he influenced  Sex and the City  .Wow   I didn t know that   Did you know that he was alive at the same time as Pocahontas .Wow  Too bad they didn t meet  I d like to see Pocahontas play Lady MacBeth   though I don t think they allowed women onstage back then .I m not sure   Ironically both of them died only a year apart   Do you like dancing .I like slow dancing with my gf  I can t do Michael Jackson like extreme moves .lol Me neither   Did you know that he had a patent on a device that he used to get those extreme leans in some of his moves . He was good with     not unlike Tupac   who did ballet .I didn t know he did ballet   Bruce Lee was a great dancer and won a Hong Kong cha cha championship in      . Apparently  dancer can kick some ass  Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music  .lol  Profesional ballet dancers can go through   pairs of pointe shoes in a week   I wonder if Tupac wore those   lol.Probably  He was mouse king in the Nutcracker  He could break some balls. LOL  On a different subject  did you know that Edgar Allan Poe only received    for the publication of his poem  The Raven    .Wow  He should ve moondanced instead  Or at least write a poem going backwards .haha  There is a poem that if you read in normally is depressing but if you read it backwards it s inspiring   That had to be tought to write .Sounds like something the Beatles would do  Michael Jackson owns those rights too .Yes he was smart to buy those rights   Have you ever heard of the Javanese alphabet   I ve never heard of it   When recited in order it forms a poem .I m going to check it out now  Take care 
conversation_661  Hi  have you listened to any good albums lately .I have to say that I have not unfortunately   I haven t even listened to anything on vinyl   Have you .I really love the new James Blake album  And last year s Janelle Monae s album was so fun  What do you like to listen to .I m more old school  I like music from the     s and some jazz from the      s and    s   I d love to listen to some music that was recorded  and made into bound books before      .That really is old school  Do you have any recommendations .I don t have any from the    s and    s but I would say Duran Duran if you like pop and Alabama if you like country   If you like rock music then Bon Jovi and Def Leppard   I do listen to a little Linkin Park  I was surprised to learn that their album was the best selling of this century . I was surprised at that too  but I remember buying the album when it came out  They were kind of the first band to cross rock and hip hop rap  in my opinion  I remember that collaboration with Jay Z was pretty novel at the time. I only know a few of their songs  I think they did one for the Transformer s movie that was really good   Say  did you know that states can have official rock songs   Oklahoma has one . I had no idea states had official rock songs  but  Do You Realize  is great  The lead singer is great with the guitar  Do you know how to play the guitar or any instruments .No I don t but I wish i did  I would love to play the piano  Do you play any . I played the flute and am taking piano lessons now  I ve tried to play the guitar  but it was hard for me  .I tried to but I have to admit that it hurt my fingers just way to much   Have you ever listened to Whitesnake   I like a few of their songs and had no idea until recently that they had had over    different band members throughout the years .I m only familiar with the popular songs they released     members is a lot  Did you know that a Hanson song became a most requested track on a Chicago alt rock radio station because djs didn t reveal the band .I did not know that   I m not sure what to say to that to be honest  I guess the song was really good if it got played on the radio station . It makes me think about how bands can transcend different genres of music  I feel rock music has that ability  mainly because of the guitar  It fits so well in different genres.They mostly use an electric guitar so it can be used different ways   What s interesting to me is that originally rock music drew heavily on the blues and even country music .That is interesting  It s surprising to hear rock s   s and   s influence still today  The Beatles are still influential in most rock bands today. Yeah they are   To me  good music never goes out of style   I do like though that rock music is becoming more diverse and not just having a standard pattern . I agree  Even within pop music  rock music has an influence  Lady Gaga s Born This Way album was way less pop and more rock  It was kind of surprising  but she s always had a rock influence underneath . I like that album   In a way  rock musicians have always been more   real  and down to earth than pop stars   I mean  take russia s biggest rock star  He kept his job in a boiler room while being a superstar   . Despite the fame  he kept it humble  That s a true rock star .It really is   I was surprised to learn that Russia had rock stars to be honest though 
conversation_662 Good morning to you  Do you like rock music It sure was popular in the     s when it first began . I do like rock music  Have you heard about the rocker  viktor tsoi .Yes apparently he kept his job in the boiler room of his apartment even after becoming the biggest rockstar in Russian history  What a humble guy .I know  I really enjoy stories about famous perfromers remaining humble and to their roots .Yes very cool  Did you know the state rock song of Oklahoma is do you realize by the flaming lips  I didn t even know states had rock songs .I never knew states had rock songs either  I wonder if every state has one .Good question I m not sure  Sonic the hedgehog was originally supposed to be a member of a rock band and have a blond haired human girlfriend named Madonna .I used to play the sonic video games and I never knew that .Yes I loved that game  Do you listen to albums much anymore  Lincoln Park s hybrid theory album is the best selling album of the   st Century .I am shocked that they have the best selling album .Yes me too  I think it is also shocking that the dark side of the Moon is one of the best selling albums of      .And it was released over    years ago .Yes that is incredible  Another funny stat is that two identical twins from Japan released a rap album when they turned     years old in      .I would love to see that .Me too  The first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or major tour was NWA s straight out of Compton .I wonder why they did not have support .Maybe he wanted to prove a point  Or maybe rappers didn t get much respect  I betThe album came out on audio cassette .Do you like reel big fish .Yes they re pretty good  They rerecorded all their hits from best of album after losing their rights to their old record label   that s kind of funny  Well it was great chatting with you today .I wonder why they lost their rights  It was nice talking to you too .Probably something in the fine print  Have a good one 
conversation_663  HI  have you read Macbeth  I read it and is very interesting. I have  Lady Macbeth was always my favorite character but now I m leaning towards Lady Macduff  A revival of the play about      years ago gave her a bigger role and she s actually heroic  not murderous lol. hahaha  well  it surprises me that is so updated  French dances  women  shortened monologues  I am curious to go to see it . Updated for the time period  you mean  King Charles II was raised in the French court and fell in love with Catholicism and all things French  so it made sense at the time to add these things to an English production. Yes  I was thinking that you could enjoy the dialogue between Lady Macbeth and Lady Mcduff  would you like to be chatting with them . Not really  One ordered the murder of the other s children  if I remember correctly. hahahahaha  you remember perfectly  I would have liked to see the witches singing   It s bonny  happy  chirpy  fun  . That would be cool  It d make a fun addition to  double  double  toil and trouble   though I wonder if that was cut for speed  I sure hope not.I hope not  I would be afraid to be in the Psychiatric Hospital Bedlam with real inmates acting the show  I know it is stupid  All of us are a little crazy  I think it is more like a lack of a certain substance in our brain that makes us crazy .Have you read other Shakespearian works  I read a bunch in high school and college and didn t even get past the tip of the iceberg     plays  . Yes  I did  I am afraid to tell you  some of them have so many rolls  that I can t remembered all of them well  He was so huge mentally  to be able to make ensnaring with the acts and remember all the personages . I know what you mean about  huge mentally   He actually made intentional grammatical errors to redirect the audience s attention  I feel that that was pretty ahead of his time. He used to play with the words  I read that he was the one that created the phrase good bye  But in reality  he coined it as God by you  and with the time it shortened  Very interesting . The thing is  some phrases are attributed to him but I think that he may have been the first prominent person to document certain phrases rather than invent them.Could be  What it means for you the phrase Good Riddance .It means it is good to be rid of someone or something .Thank you  I think the girl in The Tempest was named Miranda  Did you read that Tchaikovsky donated his skull to make it pass for the skull of Yorick  . No way  I wonder why that was necessary  Was he a big fan of Shakespeare  then . Yes  I guess  he was himself a genius in the music  It was so nice to chat with you  I am giving you an excellent .Thank you  I love meeting a fellow fan of the Bard upon Avon   .Me too  you are very literate . Maybe next time we meet  we can talk about the rest of the Bard s plays .Yes . Maybe also we can discuss some of the Greek epics  like Odysseus  I studied Classics on college and love Greek poetry 
conversation_664 Good morning  Have you watched the Ethiopian celebrity chef  He s awesome .I have  The way he is trying to combat hunger in his country is just awe inspiring . It truly is  His Youtube channel is  Grandpa Kitchen   I think they should have him on Sesame Street  like Carol Burnett .Im sad I missed that episode  She was a very funny lady  Lol  Did you now that Judge Judy makes        per episode . Yes she was  I saw that  It s crazy  Then again  so is the money LeBron makes .I bet both she and lebron have got to go to pixars secret room  I just wonder what they keep in there . I would love to visit that room  I wonder if Robin Williams ever did  aside from Aladdin  he did some work for Pixar as well  . With aladdin  Robin williams began the trend of celebrities voicing characters in animated films  He was a great man  I just love the work he did on the genie in aladdin . I didn t care for it  I would have loved to have been Cristiano Renaldo s agent  he bought him an island for his wedding .Wouldnt that be a crazy gift to recieve  He was also expelled from school for throwing a chair at a teacher . I think it s awesome that he won t get a tattoo  because he couldn t give blood  Thats impressive . That is a pretty good thing to do  Did you know that he is named after Ronald Reagan  his fathers favorite actor  Lol . I did not  I did know about the little boy whose education he paid for  he was a tsunami survivor .Soccer makes more than football basketball baseball golf tennis and hockey does combined  I think it is a lot more popular in other parts of the world than in the US . I have never watched a pro game  and was surprised to learn that we call it  soccer   when it is really football .Well Im sure you know who jon stewart is from the daily show  He represented the US at the pan american maccabi games in brazil all the way back in      .I do not know who he is  Did they play with three teams on the field at the same time .I think most games are played with only two teams  Although there is a variation of the games that utilizes three teams in one game .I still find it hard to believe that it is the world s most popular sport . Yeah me too a little bit  until you take into account that it is played by     million players in over     countries around the world  Then it makes sense . That s insane  I have to get to work  thanks for chatting with me  have a wonderful day 
conversation_665  Hi  how are you . hey I m good  how are you do you like soccer at all .I do like soccer  Do you . well I personally don t haha  but I do know that a soccer team scored on themselves one time  they did it on purpose because it would help them advance in a cup match .Makes sense    I can see them being too high in the next round and scoring to play a weaker team . yes that s what I m thinking happened  also I didn t know that the super bowl is smaller than the third biggest event in soccer . Yeah  It s the world s game  The money is more than all   major sports in the us  combined .that is crazy  what is weird is that greenland can t join FIFA because there isn t enough grass there for a soccer field . That seems like it is limiting  What about turf  Why can t they play on turf  FIFA .ya I wonder if they require natural grass  I don t watch sports so I have no idea about the rules of soccer. So if you don t watch sports  what do you do in your free time  I watch sports  all the time   . haha well I work and I also play piano and have other hobbies  I don t know  I don t miss sports  I know all my friends watch them  and I ll watch it if we re together  but I don t follow any teams or players or anything .You play the piano  How long have you played . I ve been playing for about   years now  I used to play video games but realized that the time you waste with those you never get back  so I started learning piano and I d say I m pretty good at this point  do you play any instruments .I used to play trumpet and did like it  I just ran out of time  I want to get my son into music  He wants to play the guitar so I am going to go that route   . ya it s definitely worth learning an instrument  the longer you play the better you will be so it would pay to have your son start early .I just want to give him an outlet for his anger  He is   and likes sports but I want him to have another outlet for stress  Do you play for stress release . well I would say I play it because it s fun  personally  haha  I guess since its fun it s kind of like stress release  I am relieved to know that Paris Hilton holds the world record for most overrated celebrity.There s a lot of people trying to take that crown though   . ya  reminds me of Justin Bieber  how do you feel about him .Very underwhelmed    Nice chatting with you 
conversation_666  Hello there  are you a fan of movies . Hello  I love movies  What about you . Yeah I sure do  did you ever watch Stanley Kubrick movies .I ve seen bits and pieces but never a full one  He seems to be quite the talented cinematographer though . Oh yeah he sure was  and Roger Deakins  did you ever hear about him .He is the guy who has been nominated a ton of times but never won right  Talk about always a bridesmaid never a bride . Yeah good call  I guess    times and never won .That makes almost make me want to quit doing my job if that happened  But I suppose there is so much competition for the awards that you just keep trying .That is very true   Did you know that no women has ever been nominated for best cinematography .That seems crazy to me  You would think that after all this time that at least one woman would have at least been nominated  But with people like stanley kubrik and Gavin Free it is hard to break in . Yeah I would think so as well  but I wonder how many female cinematographers there are .There has to be a minimal amount to justify never receiving a nomination  I would love to do the slow motion work for something  It would be a lot of fun . Yeah that would be really cool  like doing some of the matrix scenes or something like that  .Yes  It seems so sexist in the industry though that women are relegated to wardrobe like the main concern of their life is clothes . It really is  men and women should be getting the same pay  have same jobs  everything   That old stuff is just that  old  . Exactly  I wonder how many of the facts we know about so much  like the sun or physics   are because of women but they didn t get the credit  . Exactly  I m sure there are quite a few  think of all of the wives of inventors and other people I m sure they did some of the inventing .I do love that some of those inventors give their wives credit for their assistance  They acknowlege they wouldn t have made those discoveries without them . Yeah and they should  like when they discovered the sun is actually white  not yellow because of atmospheric effect  . Or that it produces enough energy to power everything for         years in one second  Talk about an advertisement for alternative energy  . Yeah good call   Well it s been nice talking with you  I hope you have a good night 
conversation_667  Hello  did you know that the sun is only              th the size of the biggest star . Hi  how are you  That s amazing  The sun accounts for most of the mass in our solar system  yet it s not that big . I am doing good  Well  the sun is an obvious eye on Earth  .And most of us think that the eye is yellow  Actually it s white  The atmosphere makes the sun look yellow . I feel that I am looking at an optical illusion  I thought the sun was hotter  but a lightening bolt is way hotter .I think that s only compared to the surface of the sun  The interior is pretty hot  It would be great if we could capture more energy from the sun . Well the interior is where the core of the sun is  therefore it will be hot  Isn t the core of Earth the hotter area  The sun could save up the bill . The sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for         years  Of course  we d have to build a giant sphere around the sun to capture all of the energy coming from it .That is why we have solar panels . If we could put giant solar panels in space  we could capture a ton of energy  That would be great  Are you interested in cinematography . It definitely will save us a lot of money  Not a big fan I know of it  However  it seems sexist to not have a nominated female .I m not surprised  Hollywood doesn t have enough female directors or cinematographers  Things need to change  One guy has been nominated    times and never won .That is sad  Do you know who that person may be . Roger Deakins  I guess he is well known  but probably hasn t played the political game well  Have you heard of James Wong .I have not heard of James Wong  What was he known for . James Wong Howe was an oscar winning cinematographer who pioneered the use of wide angle lenses  low key lighting  crab dolly and deep focus cinematography . Wow  that is a lot of knowledge for the future of cinematography . He was married to a white woman  but the marriage was not legal until      . Interesting  where was marriage not legal . I think in certain states  I don t know which ones  He was an American citizen by       so it was entirely racism that made his marriage illegal . Well  good thing we are in the year of       It was nice chatting with you 
conversation_668  The sun is a pretty crazy thing  what do you think .It really is  Did you know that the sun is actually white  It just looks yellow because of atmospheric scattering . wow  I never knew that  I am so amazed about the sun  do you got any other interesting facts .Actually I do  A lightning bolt is actually  x hotter than the surface of the sun  What do you think about that .I think that is insane and never need to feel the heat of any of them lol .Scientists have shown that the sun creates enough energy in one second to meet our demands for        years . wow  I wonder if there is anything that is able to catch all that energy and store it  do you think we have it . I know solar needs a lot of work to be effecient enough  but it is on the right trackin my opinion . That is a good point  I know a fact about Neptune  they have just completed their first full orbit of the sun since      .Thats cool to know  Did you also know that the sun is about     times the diameter of earth . Wow that is so much  I know the sun is   billionth times smaller than the biggest star in the galaxy  makes me feel really small .That is true  So what kind of clothing do you like . I like nike and all the sporty type  but also i like polos to look clean  you .I like to wear clothes like the pilgrims wore  Lol  They actually wore clothes that were full of color  Black was only or special occasions . lol  I never knew that  They never taught that side of the pilgrims in school .No they di not  Lol  I heard about a tore in alabama that only sells clothing and electronics that was left at baggage claim at the airport . wow  I need to get on over to Ohare and start a business from that  That is like pure profit .Were you aware that apple had a clothing line in       Wonder why they stopped it . I never knew that  I would be rocking that right now  All the apple fans too would be into it also  they should bring it back  It was so nice chatting with you .Yeah I just want one of those shirts with the apple logo on it  Yep nicechat  Have a good one .Thanks  Enjoy your weekend 
conversation_669  Hi  do you like soccer . I do enjoy soccer  have done all my life but I don t get to see much now .Are you an American soccer fan or european . I m originally from England so stay in touch with the soccer that is played there  and also in Europe .Nice  I find English soccer so much more interesting that the professional soccer here  Who s your team . I always support a team called Everton  not too many have heard of them   My local team were successful in the nineties but faded away  Wimbledon .I know Everton  They are on every once in a while  I usually watch them on NBC Sports while I clean or do chores around the house .They are the team that produced Wayne Rooney before he was purchase by Manchester united for a lot of money   He plays for DC United here now .I just know Rooney from his hair plugs  He is a really talented player . He was a team mate of that Christano Ronaldo  I hear he s in trouble with the police now .Ronaldo  For what  I know there was a tax thing and a sexual assualt but is there more now . Yes there was the tax thing  many players get hit with that one   The one I was thinking of is the sexual assault in Las Vegas   Not sure how he ll fight that one in the long term .Me either  I have a feeling that it will involve a large settlement . I guess he s done that already  he paid          for a legal settlement  but a German newspaper found out and made it public . I did not know that  So he s not in legal trouble  just media trouble .Apparently the woman in question has now approached the Las Vegas police and they have opened an investigation   Not sure how it works if he is in Italy and they are here .I am surprised Nike has not dropped him though . Not yet  expressed concern but so far are sticking with him   I suppose he is innocent until proven guilty   The MeToo movement is moving through just about every industry .yeah  I feel bad for the way women have been treated  I am sure there are a lot of skeletons still in closets . If people have acted criminally then they should face the consequences   I have a young daughter and hope she will be safe when she is an adult  I m all for MeToo .MeToo     Mine is   and I would move some furniture if something happened to her  Nice chatting with you . Not the best subject to end on  but hopefully the long run will see benefits   Good bye 
conversation_670  Hi  how are you . Hello there  I am well thank you   How are you today .I m great  Are you a fan of sports . I am I like pretty much most sports  and I always cheer for all my local teams  .Are you into wrestling  It s a sport that I really don t know well . No not really  but I do respect it quite a bit   How about you  are you a fan . Not really a fan  I think it s cool that Lincoln is in the wrestling hall of fame  Lost only once in approximately     matches  I wonder how Trump would do  with his bone spurs and such . Really  I would never have thought that  what a cool fact   Yeah I doubt Trump could beat anyone  .Plato was a professional wrestler before he became a philosopher  Maybe sports excellence and thinking go together  Are you into baskeball . Yeah especially wrestling I guess   Yeah I really like basketball  my favorite team is leading the league so far this year   How about you . I like the pro game but I feel that the game has distorted college  In    out of    states  the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach  Something seems askew . Yeah that doesn t make much sense to me  I think the pay for pro athletes is way too high as well  . At the pro level  I don t care  They make money  but the owners make more  I would rather see money going to make college less expensive  especially since it s getting exhorbitant  . Yes  I can totally agree with that  they could use that extra money and put it back into lower tuition  .Universities are  supposed to deal with knowledge  teaching and research  Not provide entertainment Kareem s  use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball  I wonder how fans now would react to that . I never knew that  very interesting   Do you know who the inventor of basketball was .Canadian guy named Naismith  Wanted a sport for his players to do in the off season .Yeah good call it was James Naismith   I wonder what he would think of the game today .It s evolved  The inside game with big men is over  Now the  pointer has changed the balance  No need to be tall if you can shoot well .Yeah well now you have to be tall and still able to shoot the three   It is interesting how the game evolves over time . Well  Ive enjoyed chatting with you about basketball . Yeah same here  it was nice talking with you  I hope you have a good night  
conversation_671  Morning  Wow  I haven t thought about sports since high school  I didn t realize competitive wrestling really is . Apparently its as competitive as other sports  I just to wrestle in high school so it would be nice to remember those times . Oh did ya   I was never very sporty in high school  but I had a friend who wrestled and I remember how he was always so concerned with his weight and trying to make sure he kept in the right weight class  Seemed a very strict kind of sport  like you need to be very diligent to participate . Yeah I can see why  you have to mantain a certain weight  have you seen Marvin Joseph  he is a grea wrestler  one of the best I have ever seen . I haven t heard of Marvin Joseph as a wrestler   I m sorry to say the extent of my knowledge about wrestling is pretty much limited to The Rock  But I just learned that even Plato was a pro wrestler before he became a philosopher  Do you think it s the kind of thing you can pick up again  like riding a bike  . Sorry I mean River Curtis  I got confused with the reporter from the Washington Post  Curtis won the Wrestler of the year award  and I think it is  it might be harder than riding a bike again but the body has memory and with hard work its possible. Do you think if you had kids you would encourage them to try out wrestling  I can t tell if it s something that would be great for teaching determination and self control  or if it could lead to eating disorders and the like  If you could do it all again  would you still have wrestled . I think I would  I just to like it and maybe my kids would too  I would want them to play sports thats for sure  you know Lincoln was a wresler  he is on the hall of hame even. It s so weird to think of these serious people once being wrestlers  I mean  you have them on the one side  and the other end where folks in Turkey are dousing themselves in oil to wrestle   that oil wrestling sounds more like a spectacle than a serious sport but I guess to each his own  lol . I agree  it was suprising to me to learn that Lincoln was a wresler and a good one as well  you know who Denis Cyplenkov is . Yes  I heard he has the biggest and most muscled hands in the world  Mind boggling  I wonder what he looks like  I d be kind of interested to watch a wrestling match  Do you prefer something more like competitive wrestling  or something more like the wrestling  you see on TV . Yeah not only a champion but a bodybuilder as weell and I prefer competitive wresling better  what about you  any preferences . I feel like if I was going to watch it  I d prefer competitive   it seems more real and less like a show  Not that there s anything wrong with a show  but I think I d rather see the competition than the show  I think it would be cool to watch that Wrestler of the Year  Curtis  in action . It would be interesting indeed  do you like any other sports  Im a basketball fan as well . Well to be honest  I d definitely watch basketball over wrestling  I love the fast pace  And I just learned that there s even a basketball court on the top floor of the Supreme Court building  How cool is that  . Yeah me too  I like basketball better  and really  I didnt know that  it must be a really cool court  I wonder if they host tournaments in there. I hope they do   if not  seriously  why do they even have it  Maybe the Justices take their recesses up there and Ruth Bader Ginsberg can actually dunk the ball  Haha  It s great exercise  Do you play at all . I used to play it but not anymore  now I just watch it lol  there is a team called Tall Blacks in New Zealand  that sounds racial . It really does  doesn t it  I wonder if it s just a cultural difference and maybe they don t feel that way in New Zealand  You know if you said that in the U S  you d go viral for all the wrong reasons  I guess the New Zealand team must just be extremely tall  eh  I had no idea the dunk shot got banned from college basketball for a while  did you know that . Yeah  you could get in a lot of trouble for naming a team like that  and I didnt know that either  I wonder why they decided to ban the dunk shot lol  its one of the best moves in basketball . Definitely super dramatic  a good crowd pleaser  lol  I m going sign off after this  great chatting with you  . Its been great chatting with you as well  I will go and watch some basketball videos in YouTube now 
conversation_672  I have a love hate relationship with running  but I can appreciate people who can do it and do it well like Donald Ritchie. Same here  I have run one marathon and never plan to again  I couldnt imagine being an ultra runner.I m surprised that someone who runs so much died at     I would have thought he would have lived longer from being healthy. I dont think they every released an official cause of death  but yes  somone who could run   marathons a day for    days straight certainly must have been in tip top shape .Maybe all the running was hard on his heart  He s from Scotland and never ran a race in his kilt  I m not sure if those are very aerodynamic. They do seem like theyd be very heavy  especially to keep up that   minute per mile pace   even when he was running     miles   I cant even do that for one mile . I guess that s how he got the name  ultrarunner   It s kinda gross  but one of his secrets was urinating while running rather than stopping at the portable toilets. That was one part of running I could never do  I didnt want the urine soaked shoes   Plus it just sounds gross . That s a convincing enough reason for me to never pursue running at that level  I wonder how many pairs of shoes he would go through compared to ballet dancers  At the professional level  they may have to use four pairs in only a week. That is hard to believe  I wonder why they havent made them hold up better for the dancers   That would be pretty expensive . Maybe the problem is that shoes in modern times aren t the same quality they used to be  I ve heard that shoes from       years ago actually perform better than what you buy at the store now.That is surprising seeing as some shoes now that are considered to have complex construction and made with expensive material can cost hundreds or even thousands of dollars . Then again  some of those are high fashion shoes that sell for exorbitant amounts of money  I ve never had too much problem with smelly shoes  but if I ever do  I m putting tea bags in them to absorb the odor. I have had problems with some really smelly shoes  usually when they get wet   I will need to try the tea bag thing next time it happens . If it works  it s a cheap solution  though not as cheap as the shoes Stephon Marbury promoted  but wasn t paid to endorse  Maybe it s because they sold for only    .Maybe those are the same shoes Steve Smith leaves on the field after each game to raise awareness to the homeless people without shoes . I wonder if he buys his cleats in bulk  He probably doesn t choose his cleats based on fashion  but more about function. Most likely  thats how I treat my shoes   They are for comfort and function and doesnt matter how they look  or if they are popular .I wonder which shoes are the best for traveling around the world  King Kalakaua of Hawaii probably had a good pair on his trek to become the first king to travel around the world. They would have to be pretty durable  there are some places like Mackinac Island where motorized vehicles are banned .That s a lot of walking and biking to places  I wonder how healthy they are in comparison to other places
conversation_673 Donald Ritchie just died   man he was amazing at running long distances.He was  He set many world records .I cannot imagine running for    hours straight like he set records doing . Me either  I m really not fond of running  Speaking of sports  did you know ballet dancers can go through   pairs of shoes per week .Yes that is a lot of money   I wonder why      year old shoes perform better than modern shoes . I m guessing they were just made with better materials  though i m not sure  I wonder what the first shoe was made out of .I am not sure   I do know I always stick dry tea bags in my sons shoes   they stink and it helps with the odor.Seems like a pretty good idea  My son also has really stinky shoes .I need to buy him more of Stephen Marbury s shoes   they were only     and he was actually paid to not endorse them. Hm  that s interesting  Who is Stephen Marbury  .He is a well known NBA player   I like Steve Smith as well   he is an NFL player who leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness of the homeless.That s a really cool thing for him to do  Do you travel much .I love to travel though I am not sure of going     miles per hour on a bus in the Netherlands .That seems pretty scary  I heard talk of them making a really fast mode of transportation like that in America too .But no on Mackinac Island   only bicycles or horse drawn carriages.I m sure its very peaceful there  I walk a lot and one thing I hate are cars whizzing past me .No doubt   In Iceland people without cars have to fly   there are no trains there.I m sure that could get pretty annoying when visiting  In Japan the highway tolls can cost more than      to travel across country .Yes I have been to Japan   Everything is expensive there   I wonder if it was back when King Kalakaua traveled the world .I ve always wanted to visit Japan  I wonder what the king thought of places in Asia and Europe .That is a good question   I definitely liked the food better in Europe 
conversation_674 Do you Run . No  I don t   Do you . No  I was reading about Donald Ritchie though  He passed away at     I guess he was a gifted runner . Yeah  it seemed like it   I had never heard of ultrarunning before   Hard to imagine running that far . I can t imagine running for   minutes  let alone over   hours .LOL   Me too   My knees are hurting even thinking about it.Amen  This guy ran for     miles around London s crystall place  He would be able to go anywhere just by running there . That is so nuts   He did it all with under   minute miles  too   That is impressive .And he did     miles in    days  Wow . I like how he said  you must be a little crazy  when explaining ultrarunning lol  . I guess so  It must be addicting too  Urinating while running though  Gross . Yeah  that s a dealbreaker for sure lol just imagine the smell .Terrible  I guess quite a few people thought he ran in his kilt .Right   He did wear it hoping to get a lift from Scotland to Finland lol.Must have had excellent legs  At    he found out he had more stamina then most for running  Thats a long career .LOL it definitely is   And he only accepted a sponsor that provided him with shoes.Good guy  Both his parents died from cancer  That s pretty sad . Yeah  that is sad   Apparently he had heart problems  .After all that running  You would think he would have a perfect heart  Joe Jackson died too apparently .It is surprising   You d think he would be in great shape   I wonder if the running was too much and caused his heart to be unders stress to often . Maybe so  he said he often ran dehydrated  That could really stress your heart .It absolutely can  Have a great day 
conversation_675 Good morning   I learned a little interesting trivia    Denis Cyplenkov has the biggest and most dense muscles in the whole world   He s an arm wresting champion    go figure  . Wow   His hands must be intense    I don t know a lot about wrestling  but it s pretty funny that the Turkish national sport is oil wrestling .Haha    That s pretty interesting   Abraham Lincoln was pretty good at wrestling    He only lost once in     matches   that s pretty impressive   It earned him a spot in the Wrestling Hall of Fame  .That is impressive   of all the things people talk about with Abe Lincoln why do they leave that out   I m sure he was pretty proud of it   Plato was a professional wrestler before becoming a famous philosopher   I always pictured his more bookish   but I guess I was wrong . Strong arms are not just good for wrestling  it helps when you re dunking basketballs  too  Kareem abdul Jabbar had his dominant dunk shot banned from college basketball   I guess those arms were dunking a little bit too strong  . That just doesn t seem fair   The guy was good at dunking  so they punished him     Speaking of basketball  the inventor of basketball  James Naismith  is the only coach in the University of Kansas s history to lose .Too bad for him because I know it had to affect his pay  In    out of    states the profession that is highest paid by the state is either a college basketball coach or a college football coach . I could see that   I think if he invented the sport it likely wasn t making much money to begin with   I think it s probably more embarrasing than anything else    The Highest Court in the Land  is on the top floor of the Supreme Court   I like their sense of humor . Yes    Well  basketball isn t the only sport affected by bans of things that helped perfermance  in the world of swimming  there is a swimsuit that was worn     of the time in winning swim races    and now that suit has been BANNED    .Well it makes sense to ban that   I can t believe the technology in cloths   was it made out of dolphin skin   That s pretty impressive   Have you ever heard of the crawl stroke   Is it like the butterfly stroke .I haven t heard of the crawl stroke but I am quite impressed with the competitive swimming where hands and legs are tied and the swimmer has nothing else to help their performance while they swim like a dolphin    Sheer strength is whats needed to be competitive there  . That is very impressive   I think I would drown if I tried that    I guess in a swimming competition between the British and the Native Americans  the Natives Americans won with their front crawl swimming stroke   The British relied on the breast stroke and lost . Swimming is quite competitive  indeed  The United States seems to hold its own worldwide    The U S  has as many gold medals as the rest of the whole world COMBINED   Pretty impressive  . That is impressive   I wonder how many of those we won with those fancy swimming suits   Humans can hold their breaths underwater and swim within weeks of birth  too bad more parents don t get their kids swimming so young   Maybe then the US would hold ALL the gold metals  . I agree   Cornell University has a requirement that ALL students MUST pass a simple  basic swim test BEFORE they can graduate   More schools and Universities should follow suit with that   Starting with elementay school  swimming should be required . I had to take swimming lessons all through school  as a teenager I hated having swimming class and then rushing to get ready for the next class afterwards   That was the only downside   But I made sure to go to a college that didn t require a PE  lol . I remember swimming in high school too  Swimming  basketball  wrestling  they all have some pretty impressive athletes with some impressive records    there are too many to mention but in the world of wrestling  WRESTLER OF THE YEAR  River Curtis caught my attention  He weighs only     pounds   Wow  . Wow  that s impressive   I assume wrestlers only wrestle those within a similar body weight   but still   King Sandoval wrestled with a minor fracture and multiple torn ligaments in his right hand  he managed to take thrid at the National Prep Championships . Wow    King Sandoval must have mastered all the pins  grappling holds  joint locks and takedowns to make him wear that crown proudly   Wrestling has definitely allowed him to maintain a superior position  . Yeah  no kidding   Another great champion was Nathaniel White  he won Bowie s first state championship in THIRTY YEARS   I m sure he ll be a local hero forever  . I bet he will   It s going to hard to beat that record   WoW    Well  its been a pleasure talking to you today  Enjoy the rest of your day   Good bye   . You as well  bye 
conversation_676 What do you think about Morgan Freeman  I always thought he was a good guy but it seems like he s being accused of sexual harassment. Yeah  I was also disappointed when Cosby first got accused because I watched his show growing up  A lot of women have come forward and there were lots of witnesses too . Yep I agree  a lot of times they don t have any proof so you don t know who to believe either  He was nominated for five Oscars  it would be a shame if this tarnished his legacy. Sad that it happened so late in life too  I just don t know  I would think he would be smarter than that  but who knows .Yes I don t know  What do you do for entertainment  Do you watch a lot of movies or play video games perhaps.I used to play video games in the original Nintendo era  Now I just watch Netflix . Yes I played the original Nintendo Entertainment System back in the   s  it can only display    colors but that never bothered me. I know  i thought it was awesome  Suprising that it did not get discontinued till      . Yep it was definitely very popular  Kind of like how chickens were very popular in Britain  that use them for entertainment back in the time of    BC. Yeah  I used to watch tv shows like Bill Nye when I was not playing Nintendo  Did you ever watch Bill Nye when you were younger  He got his break by winning a Steve Martin lookalike costume . That s a really interesting way to get started with a career  So was Ronald Reagan  he was told he didn t look presidential but obviously we know how that turned out LOL.Hilarious  I wonder how Morgan Freeman got his start  I know that he played a singing vampire obsessed with vegetables on the electric company  Maybe that was one of his first gigs because that does not sound very cool haha . That is interesting  I did like him in the movie Seven though  he was in that with Brad Pitt did you see that movie .I don t think I did  Will have to check that out  Samuel I Jackson was mentored by Morgan Freeman . Wow I didn t know that  I like both of them actually  did you know that Morgan Freeman plays golf one handed  I know that Samuel Jackson plays a lot of golf  I wonder if they ever played together . Interesting  and I guess that was not by choice as he hurt his left hand in a car crash  Wonder if he is any good . Yes I wonder about that too  did you ever see the movie Driving Miss Daisy by the way  That s one of my favorites and he was in it  he played the driver. I did not see that either  It is probably good  most of his stuff is  He has been nominated for and won more awards than the number of movies he has been in . It is very impressive  I don t think he has as many wins as Daniel Day Lewis does though  he won best actor three times. Speaking of oscars  the oscars were nominated for nine emmys in       . That is interesting how they can feed off each other like that  have you ever seen the movie Blazing Saddles by the way  It was nominated for three Oscars
conversation_677 I have always been a fan of comedy  How about you . Yes  I do like comedy but horror movies are my favorite   What is your favorite movie .One of my favorites of all time is the Life of Brian  Have you seen it . Oh my goodness  I watched that years and years ago  I can t really remember much about the movie   Who starred in it .It was the cast of Monty Python s Flying Circus  Eric Idle is one that most people would know in America  Cause he did a lot of American Movies . Yes  I remember it now  I can remember babysitting for my neighbors when I was a teen and the late night show was Monty Python  I would watch it but the comedy skits went right over my head  so to speak   Now  as an adult  I can appreciate it more .I watched it on PBS because it had nudity in the cartoons  I guess PBS could get away with that  You didn t see that on the regular networks .That is so true   PBS and Do you remember the National Geographic magazines showing the natives of other countries topless . Oh lord  Yeah  you would go to the library to see those  At least we did  we couldn t afford a subscription  I found out that George Harrison paid for the production of their movie . I didn t know that  about George Harrison  Did you know that the highest paid tv celebrity is Judge Judy  She gets         per episode  I should have been a judge    lol.I didn t even know she was still on TV  I like the MEMEs they make with her forehead slapping unbelievable face  I wonder if she has ever been on Sesame Street  I heard Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on it . yes those are funny  I love Carol Burnett  she s such great comedian and a nice person   Have you seen the youtube videos that make collaboration of judge judy episodes  They are great videos .I haven t  I ll have to look it up  I need to see if the old Mython s are there too  It s said that Chapman died  I heard he got drunk on set a lot . Yes i heard that too  I think Chapman is dead  There s not any real good tv like there used to be  Most of the time I watch old perry mason  andy griffith and a lot of    s shows like Charlies Angels  Matlock  etc  Thank goodness for reruns    lol. I stopped watching regular TV   I only stream things recorded on my iPhone  No cable  no networks  no Dish  Save s a lot of money  Don t have a lot like Lebron who is the second highest paid after Judy . I can t wait until my        a month cable contract is up  I m canceling it and doing like you do  stream only with internet  My elderly mom lives with me  I take care of her  that s why I have the cable to begin with   She wouldn t understand how to stream anything  never been on a computer and doesn t want to learn it at all . OOps  I meant Judy was second after Lebron  You can get shows off YouTube that she will like  You can download Youtube for just       a month  I like comedies with Robin Williams  I found out he was the first celebrity to do the voice for a animated film  It was Aladdin . Oh ya  I remember youtube sending me a message  that they have streaming tv now for cheap  I loved Robin Williams  I didn t know he was the first .Actually I also cancelled wifi  I found out you can download to your phone at the library and then watch it at home with no connection  I get Prime Video because I like Prime anyway for free shipping  They have a ton of great shows  Probably second only to Netflix . Oh  that s a smart idea  I like that  Yes I have the Prime service also  such a great thing and I love the   day free shipping  you can t beat it  I buy everything that way now . Also  they have Prime music  I just found out that Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in the Jaws soundtrack  I bet they have Jaws on Prime  In Richmond V A  they   hour shipping for Prime Members . I  bet they do have Jaws on Prime  wow Steven Spielberg plays Clarinet like me  The   hour shipping is a fantastic option also 
conversation_678 Do you enjoy reading . It s actually one of my favorite pastimes  I definitely would have been part of the  Moral Panic  had I lived in the   th century  because I love novels.I like reading since it promotes deep exploration of texts and can help build worlds in your mind. I mean  even the military has reading lists  I heard three of the five branches have added Starship Troopers as their first sci fi novel.I think ender s game is another recommendation for the military  I loved it in high school. I haven t read it  but I should add that to my list  I wish I could read anywhere close to the world record held by Anne Jones        wpm would get me through a lot of books.I wonder how much of the      she actually digests. A skill like that would only be helpful if you have a photographic memory  Though  I wouldn t want to remember all the terrible poetry if I entered a  You Laugh You Lose  contest like the ones C S  Lewis and Tolkien would hold.This is kind of a digression but lebron james has photographic memory so he can replay every game he has ever played.That s impressive  I wonder if he has interest in reading  Everyone likes a good fiction book.Is fiction your favorite genre .Most of the time  It would be interesting to find the wiki that ranks fictional characters  Not all of them have powers and abilities.Do you prefer fiction or fantasy .It depends on the author  I think mostly fiction  I should tru to find the writing Edgar Allen Poe did that has a cyborg.So did Poe create the concept of cyborgs . He s the oldest known example  so I guess the credit goes to him. I mean it is a shame how credit isn t always fairly awarded  I remember there was a seclusive scientist who found a dozen or so elements decades before other scientists yet since he never was too public about his research  the credit went to those scientists.Wow  I wonder if that was the beginning of science fiction  There was a comic in the   s that a judge tried to ban because one of the characters is black.That judge should have been banned from court instead.It s possible that he was  Do you ever read fan fiction .Rarely  Do you . Not really  but the fan fiction that Julius Caesar wrote about Hercules would likely be an interesting read
conversation_679  Hi there  do you watch movies at al . I do  my favorite genre is comedy  do you like movies .Yeah that is my favorite genre too  Do you like bromantic comedies then . Yeah The Hangover is one of my favorite movies  well all   of them  .I loved that movie too  How about tv shows that are comedies  Like  rd rock from the sun . I havent heard about that show before  is it any good . I have seen a few episodes of it and it is good but I do not think it is better than Friends  however it beat it to win an award. I love Friends thats like my favorite show and yeah doesnt seem righ  do you know who Demetri Martin is. Yeah he is a super funny guy  guess it paid off to drop off of Harvard Law to pursue comedy. I guess it did  hard decision to make though.True  Do you know who Ryan Stiles is . No  who is Ryan Stiles is he also a famous comedian .Yeah he is and similarly he dropped out of high school to focus on comedy. I guess that paid off for him as well  still a harsh decision  if your dream is comedy you must at least finish high school and then persue it. I agree but good thing it worked for him  Speaking of famous people  do you know who is the highest paid celebrity .Im guessing its Judge Judy she makes about         per episode when you sum it up its a lot of money.Yeah she is the second one in the list I think with LeBron being the first guy. Oh thats right  Lebron does earn a lot of money  that makes sense  did you know there is a secret room at Pixar studios.Is that the one that only celebrities are allowed to access . Yeah celebrities  directors and wealthy people  did you like Robin Williams in Aladdin  .I did and he was the first guy to stat the trend of celebrities doing voices 
conversation_680  Hi  how are you .I m doing great  Did you know that Adam Sandler has a special on Netflix .I heard about it  Supposedly it was really good  Did you see it . I haven t  I m luke warm on watching anything of his  Sometimes it s hilarious  but a lot of times for me it falls flat  .Yeah  I usually end up drinking too much and then thinking turning on one of his movies would be a great idea  Then I end up drinking more to pass the time and then fall asleep an hour in  It s a vicious cycle . That sounds about what happens with me as well  I really like a lot of the newer shows that Netflix has been producing though  I m sure it has to cost them quite a lot though  . What shows are you getting into  Everytime I open netflix  nothing really pops out to me   . The new Sabrina show was awesome  I really enjoyed it as a comic when I was younger  and I was happy with how well it was done  I only use the online streaming service  but I remember when it first started getting dvd s in the mail  .Me too  And were you a comic when you were younger or the younger show of Sabrina that was a comedy .Sabrina was a comic book when I was a kid  I read it back then .Gotcha  I was about to go into a lot of questions about your comedy career but I will save it  Anything else you are watching . I ve been watching the Medici which is another show produced by Netflix  it s really good as well  Mostly historically accurate  which is better than most   . Sounds interesting  I watched a little of a viking show  not called viking but cannot remember what it was called  and that was ok  Im just not that into tv anymore  other than live sports . I don t watch a lot of TV either  I have it on in the background when I do homework mostly  and that s it  I do like seeing what movies Rotten Tomatoes has disliked lately   But I hardly ever end up watching movies either .Sandler has   movies with a   rotten tomatoes score  Ha . lol yeah  and Spykids has a       Which is crazy  My kid loves that movie  but I just find it annoying  .It s that high         movies with      and I can t find one I like .They have some good music documentaries on there if you like that .What would you recommend . There is one about the Eagles if you like that type of music  I enjoyed it a lot  I think there is one on there about Queen as well  .I ll check them out  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_681  Voting is a method to elect their representative  it is the duty of every citizen to cast their vote and select their representative for the nation . Yea  India takes voting seriously  they set up a polling booth in a forrest with lions for one voter.Astronauts vote from space  It shows voting is very important to the nation  Voting is the biggest gift to people in the democratic nation .It s a shame that     of the black male population have permanently  lost the right to vote.It affects the entire democracy of the nation  Voting means people are also in the part of the government  People enjoy the vast power . Yes  in the UK not all the men had the opportunity to vote until     . But today  all people have voting rights  It is the power of the people  Ordinary people can change the government . They have the right to vote but not a lot of choices  since      all presidents have been either republican or democrat.But people only choose the leader  In election campaigns all the party leaders canvas the people . Yea  I guess it s better than appointing officials by lottery like they did in Ancient Athens. Nevada is the only state to have a  none of these candidates  voting option for presidential elections  Election is the usual mechanism by which modern representative democracy has operated since the   th century . Yea  it s a shame that voter turnout has breached       in  the past century.In      US elections international electoral observers were blocked from the polls in nine states   It is very shameful to us  Real democracy is a transparent form of government .Yea that is deplorable  It s strange that since      the taller candidate has one the presidential election     of the time.It very crazy  Astrology can t work in guessing the election result .No I guess not  It s also peculiar that the only presidents with beards were republicans.Republican party candidates have won most elections .It s a shame that a Nixon or Bush has been on each winning Republican ticket since     .Yeah  Vice nice chatting with you  Have a great day . Yea  you too  I m gonna google some info about the Grand Ole Party.Ok  The Republican Party is one of the major political parties in US  It was founded in      they took anti slavery and pro economic reform ideological stances . Well I got to go  have a nice night
conversation_682  HEY  DO YOU WATCH nETFLIX .I love Netflix  Tell me something about Netflix. It did something really awesome by signing Adam Sandler to a   movie deal in       do you like Adam Sandler .I like some of his films  He probably will get a good following on Netflix . yeah I love him too  I read it somehwere that he is gonna be doing a movie in which he is going to sing  can you imagine him singing .He did some silly songs on SNL I think  He is working with some topnotch actors  I think there should be some good films coming from him . Yeah I think he will be clowning around aping artists like Bruce Springsteen  lol  I would love to see that  really  .I think it s great that Netflix is willing to bank some films like these  The Hollywood system is broken  How did Netflix get started anyway . It starrted in       but now its big and spends    times more on postage than bandwidth  .I believe it  Bandwidth is getting cheaper  I heard the founder got pissed off about late fees or something  Blockbuster blew it . Yeah I know  that was insane  I wish Blockbuster had an eye in the future when it declined several offers to buy Netflix for     million because now Netflix is worth    billion  . Blockbuster was stuck in the past  They were thinking that people had time to drive around to stores  Computers  tablets  cell phones  I want convenience from companies . That is so true  Comfort is key in today s entertainment  .Quality is part of their success too  I ve heard that Netflix has a ton of high quality films available . yeah thats so tru  it has specials and movies staring awesome stars like Terry Crews  Steve Buscemi  Danny Trejo and Nick Nolte .I love those guys  I ve heard Netflix has over     films that nabbed full marks on Rotten Tomatoes . That is awesome to know  I know ratings mean a lot in the entertainment industry  but do you know more of how Rotten Tomatoes works .I was started by some kids at UC Berkeley  The site aggregates reviews from professional reviewers . Ohh That s cool  Professional Reviewers that s where it gets the reputation I read somewhere that Rotten Tomatoes is owned by Warner Bros .I think Warner saw the chance  to promote its movies on the site . Ohhh Now I get it  lol makes more sense when you put it like that  Do you play or like any video games .Sometimes  Great chat  Thanks 
conversation_683 Hi   Did you ever play nintendo .Oh yeah I did   I still do   One of the best gaming systems ever .Nice   I can t believe they have been around over     years   They were founded as a playing card company in      .How far they have come   I think they made a wise choice focusing on video games   Mario and Zelda made them billions.Oh yeah   Nintendo has a market value of over     billion dollars .They made enough money to buy the Seattle Mariners .Yes they did   Because they own them there is a  DS app that allows you to order food direct to your seat . Wow  you can play Pokemon and order a hot dog at the same time .Yes  lol    and you can use the handheld console that Nintendo released in      specifically for Pokemon  lol.I think one of my favorites has to be Super Smash Brothers   It is such a fun game and it is great to play at parties.That game I think is the best game of all time   Nintendo also produced a lego knock off when they were a toy company   Interesting .A lot of companies have made lego knockoffs   Never as good as the real thing .No   lol  So do you like snakes   I m not a fan . I am not afraid of them  but I would not have one as a pet   .There is a genus of flying snakes that can launch themselves at prey   H    no   Yikes .That is awesome   Now that sounds like something you would see in a Mario Game.Yes   lol  I think I like New Zealand a whole lot better because there are no snakes there .Maybe because something bigger and scarier ate them all   Think about that possibility .Yikes   lol  The fear of snakes is hard wired not only in human brains but also in monkey brains   I knew I always shared a lot in common with monkeys   lol  I had fun chatting .Yeah me too   Try not to worry too much about snakes.I won t I promise  lol Have a great night 
conversation_684  Netflix was founded in       it s older than I thought  .I think it s amazing Blockbuster could have bought them.Especially considering that they re worth   billion dollars .It s also hilarious that they take up     of the bandwidth in NA during the evening .It s even funnier that it all started with a        late fee on Apollo    .So basically it s late fees on Apollo    that we have to blame for Adam Sandler s Netflix special . Haha  I think I ve liked   or   things over his very long career . There a couple early movies I liked  but he deserves his recent string of Rotten Tomato losses  in my opinion .Agreed  His childish songs always drove me nuts .They usually are pretty terrible but I d be curious about the Farley song  sometimes people surprise you when it s a sentimental issue for them . I m curious to see it as well  I m sure I ll end up watching the special some late night . I probably will too  if just out of morbid curiosity   To be fair I tend to like Netflix specials  so maybe I ll be pleasantly surprised .It must be hard to be married to comedians and end up as subjects of their jokes and songs . I don t know what would be worse  being the butt of their jokes and they re super successful and popular  or the butt of their jokes and they bomb . Definitely if they re bombing  Or no wait  if they re successful more people hear it   Hmm  that s tough . Probably the bombing   If they re popular  at least they ll be getting specials and money and all that   Maybe you can buy nice stuff with the sweet  sweet Netflix cash . Ha  Netflix is rolling in cash  It s how they produce so many of their own shows   Granted  some are pretty good . I ve seen a ton of stuff from them that I ve really  really enjoyed   It s kind of cool to see what people can make when they are just handed a pile of money and let loose .I so want that opportunity   Someone needs to just throw money at me     .Hahaha yeah   I want to pitch them my comedic animated Korean drama monster cooking gourmet food after the apocalypse TV series .That sounds amazing  Totally would watch it .Hahaha right   I should go and write it up and submit it now .Do it         Nice chatting with you .Nice chatting with you too   Have a good one .You too 
conversation_685 Hello  So do you get into politics at all .i sometimes pay attention  it can be depressing  do you follow politics . I follow sometimes  I think it is pretty important these days to keep up on what is going on  but I am not outspoken like celeb s  Taylor Swift and Kanye .I distrust celebrities talking about politics  i dont think they know enough about the process and the issues  they are famous  thats it . I tend to agree but they are citizens but often go overboard  I guess if I had a following on instagram like Taylor Swift who cared what I had to say about politics  voting etc I would talk freely  I do feel we shouldn t be divided into  Republicans or Democrats though   we are all in this together  So do you vote in the presidential elections . I try to  I think it is important to vote  even if it might not seem to make a difference  I think the divisions are artificial and create polarization and conflict . I vote  but I completely understand your point  Sometimes I think the system is rigged anyway but I vote just so I can feel like I did my duty  I never have a side  I am not Republican or Democrat  just want to vote whoever is the best for our country .I figure that whoever gets in probably has been backed by moneyed interests  that is their first allegiance .Exactly  I think voting should be changed somehow  But we all know it won t happen  Just like in        in   states voters were blocked from the polls . How could that happen in the US  i feel like the country is going backwards  in Alabama  many black men cant vote  Isnt this a human right  we dont have enough people voting as it is . I agree       We as a country seem to be going through some very crazy times right now and God only knows what will happen in our future  Not much makes sense  But for some Indians  their government set up a strange polling booth in a forest full of lions  .I think there is an obligation there for the govt to reach out to the people and make sure that they can vote  I wish the polls were handled better in the US.I wish the same  The Government is supposed to be for the people    all the people  You don t see our Government caring about anything but what they see fit to deal with  It is ridiculous. once the money gets in there  it distorts the process  there should be limits on contributions  that would limit the power of money .I agree  There is so much going on behind the scenes that we really have no idea what they really do  Even if they said no more huge contributions etc we the people would never know for sure . True  the money can move in many directions to buy favors  it is nefarious  most regular americans are not that greedy .Agree again  It is all about the money and that is sad . Well  perhaps you can change some things at the local level  civic govt and such  or through NGOs  elections are hard to win  but maybe you can make change a different way .True  Officials in Ancient Athens were appointed by a lottery    that s pretty interesting . I think that would help put new people in power  but maybe they would get bought  i would like to know that we get some help some of the time  Doesnt have to be all the time . Yep  true  Money is always going to be a problem in this country  Greed is evil and ruins everything  I just hope for future elections and for voting something changes and we can get to be back on track  It has been great chatting .I hope that people get the chance to make their voices heard  Great chat .bye . Talk to you soon  I m sure .hope so 
conversation_686 Do you play Nintendo games like Super Smash Bros .I do  I have a Switch at home and was excited for the game to come out  Do you play them .I used to with my kids   Maybe I should pick it up again  I guess the new one had all the older characters .I think so  They added a few new characters too. What is  air dodging   Does that mean you can dodge stuff in midair  . Yeah  I was never very good at it  I m still pretty old school and just button mash most of the time  I think they are making it to where you can only do it so many times in this new game  .It seems like Nintendo really does listen to its customers   They have always been a company that makes quality stuff .They really are a great company  You know they you are getting quality when you buy something from them  They have a  market value of over     billion  Which is crazy .Wow   I know their consoles survived my kids so that s something  Some people think the games made for them can sometimes be too technical . I can see that  I m not a big gamer by any means  and sometimes the games are a bit much for me  I think though that they have to have some sort of balance so that the games are entertaining for all types of people  .They have a history with that having been founded in      as a playing card company . Yeah  and they made lego knock offs which is kind of neat  .You can tell you re doing OK when you own a MLB team  Nintendo owns the Mariners .Really  That s cool  I didn t know they did .Did you know there are no snakes in New Zealand   I wouldn t miss them too much . Really  I know there are no snakes in Ireland  A neat fact about snakes  the fear of them is hard wired in human and monkey brains  . It s true for me I think   I used to catch them as a kid but not now  Speaking of Nintendo  the original NES only displayed    colors . It wasn t discontinued until      in Japan  I like the original  I wish I still had one  . Actually  me too  Maybe eBay   I think it s funny the Bill Nye got his break my looking like Steve Martin   Don t see it   . There are a few places around where I live that sell them  they are just too expensive  Steve Martin  I really don t see it at all  But Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a role because he didn t look  presidential  .Funny for Reagan   Thanks for the excellent chat 
conversation_687 hey did you know that astronauts can vote when they are in outer space . Haha  I did not know that    How do they cast their ballot   Do they have to submit an absentee ballot before going into space .haha good question  also crazy is that not all men could vote in the United Kingdom until     .That is crazy   Did you know that a dog beat two people in a mayoral election and served as mayor for    years .no but that must mean the other choices were horrible haha would you vote for a dog .I would vote for a dog in certain situations   . haha that is funny  also funny is how that Texas town renamed their garbage dump to the name Fred Durst. I m not too familiar with Fred Durst  but he must be really disliked if they named a garbage dump after him  lol   In relation to the dog being elected mayor  a cat named Hank placed third in a Virginia senate election . ya hes a famous musician that most people don t like haha  do you know that republicans and democrat parties have only existed since about      . That s weird  I didn t know that   I honestly wish we d get rid of the parties   There s lots of weird statistics in elections   Since       the faster blinker in presidential debates has lost every time . wow that is weird  also I know that the taller president wins about     of the time. I can understand that    I think when most people think of an ideal leader  the physical characteristics usually consist of being tall   I can t explain it  but it s pretty typical to want a taller person than a short one to be a leader   Another fun animal fact   a chimp received         votes in a mayor election  but came in  rd. haha wow  well it is sad that voter turnout in the usa only gets to be about     at best. Yeah  that s pretty crappy    do you usually always vote during elections   I can see that number only getting lower   It seems like the younger generation aren t as motivated to actually get out and vote  despite their vocal opinion on matters . right taht is a good point  and yes I voted  what is scary in the      election is that international observers were blocked from attending teh polls in   states.That s crazy    I m sure there are a lot of special interest groups in foreign countries that would love to mettle with our elections   Illegal immigrants trying to vote is also becoming an increasing problem in the United States . yes I agree with that  what I never realized too is taht every president who sported a beard has been a republican haha.I like that the republicans and democrats play a baseball game every year   The republicans are currently winning the series by three wins   I d like to see them play football against each other   . haha that would be interesting  also interesting is if they used different colors for republicans and democrats  red and blue only came into fashion in the year     . That s weird  I figured red and blue had been around much longer than that   As loved as JFK is  he actually voted against the Civil Rights Act in        Twitter would roast him if he were alive today . oh man  ya people would think very different about a lot of historical people  and yes we will see how they view Donald Trump    years from now
conversation_688 Are you comfortable talking about the election and voting . ya we can do that  did you hear that a chimp literally got like    k votes back in      for mayor .Really  For mayor of which state . well it was for Rio De Janeiro  but unfortuantely or fortunately he came in  rd place haha.I guess that was their alternative to having a none of these candidates voting option. haha good point  did you know that canada would only ahve    electoral votes if we took it over and made it a state .I did not  I wonder if it would be for better or worse if everyone had to vote like in the UK since     . ya that is a good question  did you like JFK  I guess in      he voted against the civil rights act. That is a shame  I can t say I know enough to say I liked JFK  but I did think that he was vaguely among the more qualified people in the position of president so far  I wonder if there ever will be a  rd party president. that is a good quesiton  did you know that Hillary was a Republican back when she was in college .I wonder what made her change her affiliation . thats a good question  did you know that Republicans and Dems do an annual baseball game  And republicans are up by   wins overall .I didn t  I did recently found out that every us president with a beard is a republican  Who knows maybe it is the invasion of the beard aliens.haha that is wild  imagine hillary with a beard. She must have fended off the beard aliens and joined the other side after  By the way did you know that the red and blue colors for republicans and democrats are relatively recently  only starting in     . no that is wild  also wild is that a us senator was arrested for civil disobedience  he was a repub  who was protesting apartheid. That is a shame  He had a good head on his shoulder  but too bad he was too progressive for his time. yup I agree  also progressive was apparently Richard NIxon  he wanted to pass a guaranteed minium income bill. I personally find nixon to be mixed  There are some controversy that his war on drugs may have been a war on race  Even today for instance      of the black male population in alabama permanently can t vote and the prisons are very heavily populated with minority populations. ya I could see that  thats a valid argument  kind of crazy too that Ayn Rand who is a symbol for the tea party  was on social security and also medicare. Many historic figures are on the right side of some issues and the wrong side of others since what people perceive to be right and wrong is subjective and reflective of a diverse amalgamation of bias  In any case  this chat with you was enjoyable  I hope you have a wonderful day 
conversation_689 Do you like Nintendo .I do like Nintendo  Do you .I like their graphics  The look and feel of Mario Brothers is nostalgic .I do love the look of that game  I really like the mario brothers franchise . Yes  Pokemon and Zelda are good but nothing beats Mario Brothers  . Oooohhhh     I do like the original legend of zelda  I wish they had that game for the ipad  I would play it so much  Well  I am now married with kids so maybe not   . Yes  I was a little old for the Nintendo games but my kids were into the Pokemon cards and the Nintendo DS .I have a son that is into pokemon and his cards are everywhere  They have     episodes and I think I have seen them all .I did not know the company started with the playing cards and even tried a knock off Lego before video game .I think they found their niche  I could not imagine them doing legos or playing cards . Right  I would also love to play a little Nintendo on an iPad  maybe the racing game . Yeah  that would be great  Did you know they owned the mariners  I had no clue .That is interesting  That must be why they have technology in the game stadium  Apparently you can order food to your seat from an app . Yeah  Not sure I would trust seafood from a baseball stadium but if I did  it would be seatlle or baltimore . Yes  Seattle is a great place to get fresh seafood like Salmon and Shrimp  I do not like all seafood especially those that are squirmy . Me neither but my wife has turned me on to some of the less adventurous items like shrimp and some sushi  I like the baked stuff  which people will judge me for eating but  whatever   .Sushi is the best    except for the ones with octopus  I am against anything that reminds me of snakes .Right  I hate snakes  Might move to new zealand to escape them .New Zealand is looking like a great place to live  No Snakes and the Hobbits live there .There is a genus of flying snakes that can launch themselves at prey  I can t    NOPE .Launching Snakes is about the worst thing I have ever heard  I can t go to any place with launching snakes and crocodiles .Yup Nice chatting with you 
conversation_690  Hello  I just got done reading about Stephen Colbert s explanation of God and information about Star Trek  did you read the same articles as me . Yeah  I have those articles  I think it s interesting that before       students in the US read the Bible as part of the primary education . Crazy how things used to be  what did you think about Stephen s views on God .He seems to think that Jesus is God  He has a very Christian view . I agree  it s interesting to see a celebrity talk about their egregious views  The fact that he had Rev  James Martin on his show is also interesting to me  most show hosts try to avoid those topics  .I would like to read Jefferson s version of the Bible and see what he wanted people to read . True  it s weird to think there is a pop culture pastor out there in the world  Did you watch much of Star Trek growing up  I only watched some  I wonder if they ever mentioned the bible in that show   .There were a couple of shows that mentioned Christian concepts  Generally the show was about morality  I didn t know that the Tower of Babel was based on a real building . I didn t know that either  The factual section of these articles was the most interesting thing to me  especially the part where it says that Martin Luther King talked to Nichols about her role   . Nichelle Nichols was not certain about continuing the show  and he told her it was important for her to stay . I wonder how different things would be if she didn t stay  I m glad he spoke to her about it and gave her advice  .Star Trek really changed how people viewed technology too  The flip phone was based on the communicator . Yeah I read about that too  I love that in modern day technology we were able to make something like that  Now we have something even better  smart phones  but still  I love how long Star Trek has been around for   .So many people have appeared on the show  Tom Morello was on there twice . Yep  I like how they gave the fact about the door sound is just a piece of paper being removed from an envelope  I wonder what other weird sounds they used in that show  .The sound FX folks had to be inventive  The teleportation device was created because of the tight budgets .So cool  I wonder if Stephen Colbert ever watched Star Trek lol I m sure he must have growing up .He was also a big fan of Lord of the Rings . I love those movies  I wish they put some facts about lord of the rings in these articles  or maybe even in the celebrity section  . Well  I ve enjoyed chatting  Have a good day .Same to you .Bye 
conversation_691 Are you familiar with Stephen Colbert .just a little bit of the article i just read   How does he start out with an explanation to god with broccoli . It s a little bit odd  He says that if he holds a piece of broccoli  he wants his brain to be open to whether it will go up or down when dropped  He says that seeing God is similar .Well he s never read the bible i guess   We should go back to      and require children in school to read the bible. He has read the Bible  He said one time when he was feeling spiritually lost  someone handed him a Bible  The page he opened to was one about worry  and he was feeling worried  So he believes that scripture can speak to you .I know the scriptures can speak to you  I d rather talk about star trek and how martin luther king Jr convinced the acotr to continue to play uhuru.I used to love Star Trek  I find it interesting that teleportation was only used because their budget couldn t afford having spaceships land on planets .Love the ingenuity   Do you like rage against the machine . No  I don t really  I don t know much about them .i do  And tom morello from rage against the machine was a trekkie and was lucky enough to be the show twice. That s cool  Wait a second  I just realized that the star trek door sound is just a piece of paper being removed from an envelope  I have to listen more carefully next time .see    again ingenuity     LOVE IT     How about the flipphone and now the apple watch    they were definitely ahead of their time .It s amazing that the flip phone was inspired by Star Trek.yeah it is   I loved the Next Generation   You ever seen it .That was always my favorite one .Loved the movies too   i actually have the box set. How cool  I think there are some movies I still need to catch up on  I hope they create a new series one day  Star Trek was actually cancelled in      because of poor ratings but when the reruns became popular  Paramount decided to expand the franchise .There are a bunch of spinoffs    i think there are like   different series after the original   The recent movies are really good too .I m glad they decided to go on beyond those first three seasons after which it was cancelled .yeah mee too    many celebrities have come from the shows    look how it launched patric stewarts career .I wish I was a celebrity  Then I could visit Pixar s secret room 
conversation_692  Are you religious  do you read the bible .I am but I do not read the bible  Are you  do you read the bible . Im not religious but I have read some parts of it  for instance you know the tower of Babel .I did not  What is it . Well apparently the tower of Babel is real  its based on a real building  The bible is full of surprises for sure. Prior to       students in the us read the bible as part of their education  I do not think that would fly today . I agree  there are a lot of things in the bible that dont make sense and that science has proven wrong  .Roosevelt and Adams did not use a bible when they were sworn in  What did they use . No idea but I think they are the only two presidents to do things like that  Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible . If you do not believe  make your own truth  Seems like a logical thing to do   . I agree  just razor cuts all the parts you dont agree with  he didnt believe in miracles and resurrection .He might have been famous enough to gain access to Pixar s secret room  I wonder what they got in there   . I wonder that as well it must be a really cool room dough  I bet the cast of Star Trek has been in that room or at least the leading actors. I want to see what s in there  What are they hiding  Unfortunately  I am not famous  like at all  Im barely on FaceBook so not many people know me . Yeah same here  I dont have many friends in Facebook either  I bet Robin Williams was invited to the room  he was the voice of Aladdin after all .I thought he did a great job as the Genie  I think he also created a movement by having celebreties voice cartoons . He did start a trend  celebrities then started performing voices of cartoon characters  I wonder if Judge Judy ever did the voice of one . She has no financial incentive to  She makes          per episode . That is a lot of money  I guess she doesnt  it would be interesting though  maybe some day she will .I wonder if she gets syndication money too . I dont think she does although that is a great question  do you know who Carol Burnett is . I do  she s great  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_693  Hey how are you  what d you think of Colbert s explanation of God . Everyone has to be so politically correct these days   He s on TV so they monitor everything these days    He should be honest as say how he feels  so we all would know the truth  instead of what they have told him to say  . Haha exactly  it s funny how upset people get about that and then they re totally cool with the whole history of the church and priests mistreating kids and what not . Yes  in Hollywood or in Politics where its all coming out now  Not the rest of the country  . For sure  it s so sad that people think that is okay  Have you ever read the bible. True  Yes  I have and believe in God   Its interesting that Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the Bible .It would be cool to read that bible too  To each their own  It s crazy that it was still required to read the bible in public schools until      . Yes  public schools had a bible class  Its hard to have an opinion unless you ve read it and understand  It would be interesting to see the tower of Babel  . That would be really cool to see in Iraq  I ve been there but didn t see anything biblical lol  It was a pretty cool place though  unfortunately it s been so destroyed by war .Really that s interesting   Scary place now  lol the Star trek door sound is just a piece of paper being removed from an envelope . I just had to reenact that sound just now lol  it would be hard to come up with those effects back in      when it started  Did you like the show .I watched when I was a little girl on TV  Ahead of its time for sure  . Oh wow  I bet that color TV blew your mind  Or was it black and white still  I m not sure when TV came out in color  hopefully no offense lol  . No thats funny  It came out color in the    s  Star trek was in the    and    s   Captain Kurt and Spock were pretty cool  lol I see Uhuru the actor was convinced by Martin Luther King to stay on the show  lol. I would have never of guessed that  I m sure it was a difficult situation to be in for sure  Guess how much Judge Judy makes an episode .I heard alot   I think shes the highest paid only after Lebron James  . For sure           an episode  I d be happy with just doing one episode  I wonder how she rose to fame like that  . Connections probably  personality and talent   I wonder what that secret room Pixar studios looks like . I know right  I wonder what is so special about it  I don t know if I would want to be a celebrity or not  seems like too much work and stress lol .No never  You just don t get to the top easy  There is too many people with talent  Makes you wonder what they have had to do to get to the top   I loved Robin Williams he always made me laugh  Its a horror how he died   so sad  . For sure  wish it was acceptable for more people to seek help instead of thinking that suicide is the answer  Great chatting  hope you have a great rest of the night  Take care 
conversation_694  How s it going  do you like soundtracks  they are released with movies  books  and tv shows. I like some soundtracks but only whe they are catchy songs  Alicia Keys was on the Men in Black soundtrack and wrote her own song for it  at age   . Nice  Alicia Keys is real talented  I never knew Spielberg actually played the clarinet on the jaws soundtrack.Have you played Sonic    Michael Jackson helped on that soundtrack . Yea  I never knew MJ did that soundtrack  Have you ever listened to the O brother  Where art Thou  soundtrack  It went platinum   times.I have not  Seems like I shoudl check it out  People need to be careful not to put plot spoilers in soundtracks  There were big plot spoilers in Phanton Menace from the soundtrack weeks before the movie was released . Lol that s unfortunate  The Batman Begins soundtrack doesn t have any  all the songs are named after bats.How about rebellious soundtracks  Race Against The Machine s contribution in the Godzilla soundtrack actually criticized the film itself. Lol I can t blame them  it was a bad film  I heard Daft Punk did a good job doing the Tron Legacy soundtrack. Has Taylor Swift been in any soundtracks  I wonder . I m sure  Swift has been a singer since she was   .Yeah she was the youngest person to single handedly write and perform a number one on the Hot Country Songs chart  She has a lot of talent . Yes  and her second Album Fearless was the best selling album in     .It s crazy that she moved to Nashvill at age    to pursue a career in country music . She became so successful  she s able to top itunes just by accidentally releasing   seconds of white noise.That is hilarious  I remember her debut album  I think it was adorable  It spent most weekson the chart in the     s  I think it s interesting how she has evolved from being a country singer to mostly a pop singer . Yea  It s unfortunate Swift removed all her music from Spotify though.Oh yeah  Why is that . Swift said she does not thing  music should not be free   kinda disrespectful to her fans.She doesn t like her photo being taken either so she walks backwards  Wonder if this is just to paparazzi or also fans . That s kinda rude  Well I gotta go  nice chatting with you
conversation_695 Do you like Steven Spielberg   Did you know he played the clarinet on the soundtrack for Jaws .That s pretty neat  I didn t know that . Phil Collins seems to be well versed in languages   He did recordings of tarzan in english  italian  german  spanish  and french. Wow  That s cool  The soundtrack for O brother  where art thou went platinum   times . I never even heard of that   But interestingly  each track of batman is named after a different genus or family of bats   Weird  .That is weird  Do you like Taylor Swift . She is okay   Apparently  she owns a dassault falcon private jet worth     million and an airport hangar in Nashville international airport   I guess she does a lot of travel .Wow  Pretty cool  I didn t realize she was from Pennsylvania . Yes indeed   She doesn t have music on Spotify though because she doesn t feel music should be free. She probably doesn t have to  she makes tons selling it .She doesn t like her photo taken either and walks backwards to avoid having it taken .That s kind of bizarre  She was the youngest artist to win Album of the Year at the Grammy s. Do you like reading   If you were in the   th century and liked it  you may have been confronted with your parents scolding you due to  moral panic  .Haha  Too funny  There is a lady that can read      words a minute . I wonder how fast Tolkien and Lewis could read   They used to read bad poetry together and have  you laugh you lose  competitions .That must have been funny  Did you read Enders Game .No I didn t   That was suggested to military groups including the US Marine Corps   Did you read it . I heard that too  No  I haven t  Starship Troopers is on the military reading list  too  .Did you hear of Daft Punk   They negotiated their Tron legacy soundtrack over a pancake breakfast wearing their trademark robot helmets .I ve heard of them but never listened  That s pretty funny .Nice talking to you   Have a nice day 
conversation_696 Hello  How are you today . Hi  I m fine  What do you know about Parliamentary governments . Hardly anything lol  how about you  I know a Prime Minister is the head of the cabinent .Yes they are not head of state  I live in Canada so I am very familiar our system is remarkably similar to the British system as well as other commonwealth countries .That is interesting  Do you know much about the US government . Yes I do  Lots of bad stuff too  like how they passed legislation to protect government employees who violate the geneva convention  Not sure how that will work with international law  . I didn t even know they did that and I m from the states  I feel like they make exemptions for just about everything  They even had plans on how to destroy wikileaks  which wikileaks leaked haha .I remember that being in the news  Of course Wikileaks is till doing fine to this day . I remember when they first came into the light everybody was up in arms  but yes you re right  they are still around going strong  Did you hear about the man that impersonated a government official . Lots of people impersonate government officials  can you be more specific . He managed to sell the eiffel tower not once  but twice .Wow  No I haven t heard about that  I don t really know much about France other then they have a prime minster .Same here  Do you remember in      when a radio station prank called the queen by pretending they were Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien .Yes not sure how they got away with that  It was actually considered offensive to imitate Jean Chretien s peach impediment  The radio guy got fired and probably lost his shirt after that .Lost his shirt huh  I wonder if he wore polo shirts . He went broke  Who would hire him after that  Polo shirts were actually invented by a tennis player  it was only later polo players started wearing them . I agree  Weren t they created by Rene  the crocodile  Lacoste  Now the brand makes sense .You re right  When I was a kid I always called those shirts alligator shirts  I had no idea it was actually a croc .Same here  I need to move to Hawaii because I like their sense of business attire over the rest of the country s .Aloha shirts  I ve never wore one before  They re just so flashy . Super comfortable though haha  Anyways  it was nice chatting with you  Have a great day 
conversation_697  hello   do you like movie soundtracks   I recently learned that steven spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtracks   Thats pretty amazing  .Yes I enjoy soundtracks very much  One of the first I heard was the one from the movie Legend with Tom Cruise . oh I dont think I ever watched it   any good .It s a great fantasy movie about evil and good with unicorns and the devil in it  I would be a good book but I m not sure if it was made into a book for reading .Have you ever seen the movie O Brother Where Art Thou . Yes  and I heard the soundtrack for it has won many awards  although I can t remember more than one song from it off the top of my head . Haha I dont really remember any song from it   but I remember the movie   it was good  . I think it had some  goofy  scenes and so probably the soundtrack was a little goofy but also professional sounding so I guess it was attractive from it s uniqueness .yeah and the fact the movie symbolized that book The Odyessy by Homer .I m not sure if I remember that or not  Was that the story about the ugly outsider and the hero who killed monsters  I d love to hear a soundtrack for that . i read it in High school   I just remember the actual book was about a man on a very long journey and the obstacles he had to overcome  . Sounds really interesting  I heard the soundtrack for Tron Legacy was negotiated over breakfast where robot helmets were worn  How did they eat  though  lol.haha that sounds awesome .The soundtrack for Batman Begins movie sounds really cool  I guess each song has the scientific name of a bat . I found that extremely interesting   how creative   I definitely have to take a look at those tracks  . The movie  Jaws  soundtrack is another one that is interesting  Did you know Steven Spielberg himself plays the clarinet in it  He s got talents .yeah that was the first thing I said haha   Definitely amazing .I wonder if he has played that or any other instrument in other soundtracks  I bet Taylor Swift s music as been in at least one movie soundtrack   . Im sure she has   she is very popular and has a lot of hit songs   Did you know Taylor swift walks backward to avoid having her photo taken . Wow that sounds like really hard work  though  Poor girl  I think I d try holding up a newspaper to pretend like I was reading  She recently took her music off of Spotify  She s becoming a rare commodity .Maybe she just doesnt have a good contract with spotify lol. Yes  or perhaps some parts of the contract weren t read correctly  She s bound to be ok making money from concerts and soundtracks if she wants  I am sure 
conversation_698 What forms of entertainment do you enjoy . I breed chickens  Just kidding  I enjoy movies  radio  and music  A good movie soundtrack really hits the spot   What about you .Lol nice intro. Thanks  Maybe I could get a job with Steven Spielberg    He can play the clarinet like he did for the soundtrack of Jaws  and I can pretend to be talented   What do you think .I always like it when the director or producer directly plays a part like stan lee. Yeah  or M  Night Shamalan  spelling    I alsolike it when celebrities mock themselves  like Kanye West did on SNL  Although Taylor Swift may not have enjoyed that   .True  I agree. You gotta have a sense of humor about these things   Like when Taylor Swift acceidnetally release   seconds of white noise  which ended up topping the charts in Canada  Tat is a great commentary on what Canadians enjoy about Swift music   .I guess it is all about the brand.Maybe  Do you think her proclivity to walk backwards to avoid having her photo taken is brand building .No  I genuinely think paparazzi are jerks. Agreed   Still  it would be nice to have her     mil jet and personal airport hanger in Nashville  Right .True True. Let change the subject to something more profound and significant    Haave you ever read  Starship Troopers    after all  it is on the reading list of   of the   military branches  so it s gotta be good  right  .I have read it as well as Ender s game  Both great books. Did you experience a  Moral Panic  from those novels like so many did in the   th century upon reading novels .Lol of course not. I would love to attend one of those  You laugh  you lose  contests made famous by CS Lewis and Tolkien  I could end up being the biggest loser .Indeed  It would be really fun to watch  Kind of like harmon s quest. Oh  and it would be really lovely if they speed read their horrible poetry out loud  I don t know if they could achieve the record      words per minute laike Anne Jones  but it would be fun watching them try .Indeed  Anyway thanks for chatting 
conversation_699 Hi there .Hello  Have you ever heard of Reddit . Yes  I have  I browse it on occasion  but had no clue as to some of the backstory surrounding the site  Very interesting  Do you use the site yourself .I don t go on the site itself much but I love reading the screenshots that people post to FB and pinterest  I think I would spend entirely too much time if I went on the site .Agreed  It s one of those sites that s best used to pass the time reading something random while on the train  I find it interesting that Snoop and Jared Leto were involved in the funding of the company .Not a bad investment with the way that it is growing in popularity  I think after tumblr had all their issues people were more inclined to go to reddit . true  It s always great to hear different opinions  and Reddit helps give those opinions a voice  Speaking of opinions  did you catch the state of the union speech yesterday  I m always baffled by the whole ceremony involved in making it a big discussion  Some weird laws being passed around the world  wouldn t you say .Government the world over is just strange in my opinion  Politicians are less concerned with the people they represent and more with their own agendas  The balance is being lost .I couldn t agree more  It s like somewhere along the way the whole  doing what is right  obligation of public office has been washed away and instead we have converging agendas and strong opinions taking the place of compromise and common sense .In my opinion common sense does seem to be sorely lacking in today s political climate  We are almost bordering on tyranny from both sides of the aisle  Neither is willing to compromise and those that suffer don t have a say .It s a shame really  Because compromise could lead to some really long lasting and positive improvements for society  I always look back to the years following WW  as a prime example  Things just got done back then  Wonder if all this technology has something to do with it .I think back then tech had a lot to do with it  I think nowdays though tech is compromising the moral fiber of the nation  People have instant access to all their vices and unlimited access as well . Not to mention the lack of privacy  everything is posted instantly  quotes can be clipped and taken out of context with ease  prime example being wiki leaks .I love that they had access to the fact their own government was conspiring against them  Shows how far our government has fallen .Ha  Very much something out of a doom and gloomy sci fi movie  It also makes you wonder what else is concealed in those endless files and folders  What s the deal with the government owning nearly all the land in Nevada .Who knows  Probably some testing facilities that we don t know about  I think their enforcement of stat authority is overriding our individual freedoms .Could be  the only thing I could think of is that used to be testing ground for nukes  maybe that s the only way they avoid a slew of radiation related lawsuits  Hmm   I wonder if they pay property tax to the state .Probably not  Now if only they would take all the money they are wasting on whatever they are doing there and follow Norway s example of conservation and save some trees .Conservation focused spending is never as splashy as building a shiny new wall  Unfortunately we tend to deviate over to what is not needed rather than what is  I think it was last week they discovered a gaping whole in a glacier that is the size of Manhattan  Norway is doing the right thing and we should follow suit  There s tons of land that we should put trees on .So true  All of these polar storms we are getting are the direct result of poor conservation  People hear global warming and get so hyper focused on the warm temps not thinking that yes it is getting warmer at the poles and driving the polar vortex down and throwing off natural balances .It was absolutely crazy here last week  Never seen it that cold before  Thankfully most people stayed indoors that day   called in sick .It is getting to be a yearly thing here  I am concerned for when it starts being more than just a few days of those temperatures  That could have serious economical impacts 
conversation_700 Did you know that Facebook and Twitter work together on some issues   They are actually competitors . No  I didn t know that  What kind of issues do they work together on .The baby sitter rating system broke the social networks  rules .I think I heard about that now that you mention it   Was the about Predictim .Predictim is a company who does the analysis regarding babysitters  online histories on Facebook and Twitter . Yep  it was the one using advanced artificial intelligence . Facebook is also investigating Predictim because this company performs  scraping  of personal data . Yep  they could provide false information that could affect people s lives .They violated Facebook s rules .Yes they did   So I guess by violating both facebook and twitter rules that s why they worked together . Yes  you are right   Twitter will stop their access to certain site tools .That s good   What that company was doing seems really wrong   Getting private information and selling it .I also think Facebook and Twitter should have tools to prevent situations like that . I agree totally   There might be some countries where they do   Not everything on those sites are the same everywhere  For example  in a state in germany the like button on facebook is illegal .Twitter and Facebook should have anticipated things like that to happen   They can afford the technology   About Germany   what is the like button illegal . I don t know exactly   It s just that one state  I think it s Schlewsig Holstein  that has made it illegal so it s not there for them .Can you guess the reason why they did that  making the like button illegal  . Actually no  I could see making the angry button illegal but not the like   As I think about it  maybe they think it encourages people to flirt too much .Probably but your explanation is funny   Did you hear about Burger King s promotion related to Facebook .No I didn t  What s it about . If you unfriend    people on Facebook  you can get a free whopper   Anyway  I ve got to run   Nice chatting with you 
conversation_701 Oh man I am low on dragon energy   You .Here too   Maybe we should both eat a few big macs  .Big Macs are ok   The quarter pounder with bacon and cheese is good   Filet O Fish is one of he best things on the planet .So  the Trumpster seems to like his fast foods    That explains that belly   lol. Yes   Michelle Obama tried to motivate kids to exercise  eat right   Trump is more of a french fries are my friends kind of guy   Salad bad . Well I guess as long as Trump is here  those gaseous cows will still be making burgers .Gassy cows   I see that Kanye West has been talking about his MAGA hat again   A special hat that gives powers .Do you know I haven t seen on yet outside of TV   Gonna have to get me one and see if I feel like superwoman since he feels like superman  . I do not know anyone who would wear one   It might be nice to have  stick in the back of a closet  bring out for the kids   Once  there was a orange man int he white house   He brought us many many changes   He was a hero to reporters and rappers alike .Korean rappers call rap compliment battle   Gonna have to check that out . So  the hat makes Kanye feel like superman   A comic book hero   I wonder if he would get the irony   I wonder if the irony was in a rap song would it hit more . If you could understand the words   I have trouble with that   IN sweden it is illegal to name children metallica  superman  veranda  ikea and elvis    Wonder why . If your name was superwoman  and you were young child  it might make you     a lot more likely to jump off a building   The problem with my middle name of Ikea is mostly meatballs .Maybe   Didn t think of that   Only        paid for exclusives to superman in      .       that seems like a dated concept   What does a modern super hero look like   Are there any new comic book heroes . Hmmm  Another one for  google   . I often wonder what kind of lessons can we learn from some one that predates computers and the internet   Brainiac was the made up name of a villain   not a smart person .There s probably many lessons out there   He is a good guy in supergirl  . Does supergirl TV show still run  Superman once wielded Thors hammer   Not because he was super  but because he is fictional  .Not sure   Would black panther be considered a newer superhero .No   Black Panther hero pre dates the black power group  So long 
conversation_702 Do you use facebook .Yea but I don t like how facebook is being used for surveillance like with the company that would look at babysitters  facebook profiles. yikes  that is kind of scary  I know they do a lot of stuff with our data  not good  I wonder how myspace would have ran it.I don t know I d imagine it would be similar to how companies intrude on the babysitter s data despite facebook banning it. wow  I am sure there are rules around that unfortunately  It is kind of like a german state banning the like button. Possibly  I wouldn t be surprised if Facebook ends up going to court over it since some lawyers argue it is legal to snoop on people s profiles.Or in front of Congress again  They need to figure that out and stick by their word. Yea  I don t like how advertisers use facebook  like with the Burger King promotion that offered a free whopper to unfriend    people. I kind of liked that lol  free whopper for deleting friends I don t need  lol. I don t know  sounds like a very mean spirited promotion that Burger King was pulling. true  I wonder what their reasoning was  Kind of hurting facebook s business  Maybe they were mad at the data breach.I don t know but it is concerning that Iceland is using facebook to rewrite parts of its constitution with all the data issues and trolls.That is pretty cool  Power to the people  I am sure they hear some crazy things  What do you think of it . I have no clue  I could only imagine the trainwreck it would be if the US tried using facebook to rewrite the constitution. yea  it would be a huge trainwreck  Seems like trump is using twitter to rewrite it  lol  Kidding.did you there are no snakes in New Zealand . lol  I need to move there for both of those reasons lol  Snakes are crazy  do you like them . Yea I find snakes pretty cool and fascinating  I guess I m not one of the humans with the fear of snakes hardwired into my brain. I am one of those  but they are so interesting to say the least  There are flying snakes too . That s pretty cool  I know there are legless lizards that are often confused for snakes. I wonder what the difference is  It was so nice chatting with you  enjoy your day 
conversation_703 Do you like horses .I do like horses  Did you know that horses are ticklish . No  I didn t know that  Like super ticklish  . Yes  along with sharks and  orangutans  How s that for a weird animal fact .It is pretty weird  Did you know CLint Eastwood is allergic to horses .No kidding  And he did movies that I can remember him being on horses  I wonder how he did it .I m not sure  Maybe he took claritin .Haha  Maybe  Did you know that an individual horse has a peak horsepower of      horsepower .I can see that  And did you know that Icelandic horses have a fifth speed .They do  I wonder what that s all about . It is for speed walking  a tolt  . Oh  okay that makes perfect sense .Do you use reddit .I have in the past  I know the co founder of reddit has a cat named Karma  I think that s cute .Interesting  Did you know the first comments was a complaint .Are you serious  Why am I not surprised by that  I know now there are posts organized by subject into user created subreddits . Yeah  that is pretty funny  Only       of the people actually participate that visit  . Yeah  I could see that happening  I know it is ranked as the    most visited website in the US .WOW  Really  I didn t know that  That is great  Nice chatting with you . Yes  and its    ranked worldwide  I ll have to get back on  Have a good night  Nice chatting .That is crazy  Well take it easy 
conversation_704 do you know much about the government .Yes I do  DO you know what wikileaks is .Yes the website that published secrets how the government is trying to destroy them.SO cool  Do you know how much of the land in Nevada the government owns .Yes they own about     of it but most of it is desert anyways.True  Do you know of that guy that sold the Eiffel tower twice .Yes he was good at impersonating city officials it seems.Yeah  Did you know how the Norwegians are saving the Amazon . Yes they donated    billion  that is a whole lot of money.Yeah I know  The US now has a law that protects its employees from the geneva convention violations. THat does not sounds right  On another topic  do you like horses .I love them in Iceland the horses have a fifth speed.Yes it is called a tolt and is equal to speed walking for them.Yeah  Do you know why dalmatians are associated with firefighters .Yes they can calm down and protect horses.Yeah  CLint Eastwood is slightly allergic to horses too.that is so ironic considering he does a lot of movies with horses in them.I know  Do you use Reddit a lot .I use it sometimes  less that    of people in there vote on the content though.Yeah  They have a page with the best    deeds done.SO cool  Nice chatting with you
conversation_705  Hey how is it going  do you have a facebook account . I do  although I use instagram more  What about you . I do have an instagram account  no facebook  I can t believe MYspace turned down an offer to buy facebook in      . Agreed  it was only for    million   Now  they are worth over a billion . For sure  it all started from Harvard  an ivy league school  Are you afraid of AI or are you going to embrace it . I think that AI still has a ways to go  although it is already here like self driving cars . For sure  it is cool to see it learn and do the problem solving  but I guess it could get scary at some point .Did you know that Kristen Stewart co authored a paper regarding AI . The actress from the Good Place  I did not know that  when did she do that . I am not sure  although I never did think that an actress would decide to write a non fiction piece . For sure for sure  that is pretty nuts  google plus hangouts has a lot of AI too . Speaking of  google plus hangouts  Stanford s free AI class uses it to  help teach . Oh wow  did you see the      game the AI played  scored almost   million points . Wow  That is a lot of points  Now  AlphaGo  an AI  has managed to beat the worlds best GO player .Crazy  Did you know there are zero snakes in New Zealand .That is very odd   Crocodiles are also slightly related to birds . I bet  they are probably both like dinosaurs right . Probably  they are closer related to birds than snakes are to lizards . I could definitely see that  those legless lizards that are lizards without limbs but still not snakes  those are weird .There are also a genus of flying snakes that launch themselves at prey . Oh wow  I am going to take off for the night though  have a good one  Take Care .You too  Have a nice evening . For sure  take care  Hopefeully it submits after this message 
conversation_706 do you know much about the government .I know that the word censorship is censored in CHina.Wow that is ironic  DO you know what wikileaks is .Is that the website that reveals secrets .Yes and they once revealed documents that showed how they were trying to destroy them.Wow that is so cool  DO you use Reddit .I use it sometimes  Do you ever vote in the content there . Not really  do you  DO you know who made the first post there .I do not know that but I know that less than     of people vote.WOw that is low  THe first post was by the co founder Ohanian.Nice  They have a page with the kindest    deeds done.Nice  Have you heard of code reddit . I have not heard of that  what is it in reference to .things appear as c code when they are associated with that.I see that sound pretty cool  DO you know the first comment on Reddit .I have no idea  Do you know what Reddit stands for . Hmm good questions and I have no idea   what is it . It is read edit and read it  makes for reddit.I see that makes sense  THere is a free magazine called the Redditor. Cool  they are expanding  Nice chat. Same here  have a good one
conversation_707  Hi  You don t by any chance still use Myspace  do you . no  but I use FAcebook  and you . I use Facebook also  It s really lasted  unlike Myspace  That s why it s so crazy that Myspace chose to NOT buy Facebook in     for     million . What I was looking is that FAcebook is based in Menlo Park Ca  same place where Thomas Edison used to live  Curious  eh . There s a huge tech boom in California  so that makes sense  What s even more curious is that a German state banned the like button  How do they enforce that  . haaha I don t know  I was thinking in that  and it sounds kinda stupid  isn t it   I didn t know that you have to be at least    years old to be able to be a registered user . Oh  yeah  on most sites they want you to be at least    years old   but again  do they really do anything to weed out under aged users  You just have to CLAIM to be    years old . yes  that is right and dangerous  I was  astonished that Iceland is rewriting their constitution via facebook  that is cool  because everybody can contribute to change the law and update it . Yes but then even    year olds can make contributions  But I guess as long as the changes suggestions make sense  who cares how old the person is who made the suggestion . Yes  you are completely right  hahaha  I haven t noticed that I could had gotten a free whopper  I had unfriended at least    people on Facebook  lol. Oh yeah  Burger King had that promotion  Pretty soon  a lot of BK s workers are going to be come  redundant  with the advance of AI technology . Yes  that is something that really makes me worried for the human being  I get it  is something that is going to happen  and we are contributing to that  but  I hope our grandkids still can get a good job . Like  even Stanford is using google plus hangouts to augment their teaching  How soon before professors become unnecessary . Yes  you are right  I wonder  what careers would be able to continue working    well  I didn t know that FAcebook is developing an AI designed to understand user emotions  predict user actions  I wonder if this is going to help to stop the mass shootings . Hmm  interesting question  Hopefully it can track users who exhibit suspicious activity  Maybe Kristen Stewart knows  Apparently she wrote a paper on AI  but I don t know when  why  or with whom .I don t know either  Do you like snakes  any type of snake .I ve never really had any interactions with snakes so I guess not . Hahaaha  me neither  Well  I am surprised that crocodiles are closer related to birds than snakes and lizards  I don t think they resemble a bird  cool. Birds are also the closest living relatives to dinosaurs  which is pretty cool  too  You would think it would be reptiles  but no. Yes  love dynosaurs  I am giving you an excellent  thanks for the conversation . You  too  Thanks .Have a nice day . Have a nice day   oh  and if you don t like snakes  consider a move to New Zealand  Them kiwis don t have any snakes there . hahahahahaa  ok  going there  to New Zealand . Cool  I may see you there   .Yes .Unless AI develops too quickly and robots kill us all before that can happen   
conversation_708 Did you hear about Kanye and Trump having a meeting . yeah  think that was while back when trump had kanye to the white house. Yeah  it was in October   I wonder what prompted something like that . Seems like kanye was there praising Trump for prison reform or something  I don t recall.Kanye even wore a MAGA hat   I would have thought he was on the other side politically . yeah  Kanye took a lot of flack for being a trump supporter.That happens now   People judge you based on political affiliation .yeah seems like the divide gets wider every day .I think it does because people cant stop to see the other side   I can disagree with you without being hateful . yeah  I feel the same  no need to be hateful because someone sees things differently  Sadly  today  it seems like if you dont think a certain way  you re not only criticized but can be threatened with violence  Crazy times for sure. It really is   On another topic  do you follow the super heroes much . A little  didnt know there was a coin with super man on one side in canada.Really   Thats kinda cool   In Sweden you cant name your kid superman   Im not sure why you would want to but its against the law . meet my kid  superman  Ha  poor kid  How about the soviet union version of superman  Do you think he drinks alcohol .Who doesnt drink vodka    lol   Probably did . yeah  orange juice is boring without a little vodka  soviet superman coulda been a big hit as a series .I wonder if he would get to wield Thor s hammer .he could invite Thor over for a drink wield his hammer and whatever else of Thor s he wanted to . He is considered  worthy    .did you know that jimmy carter installed solar panels on the white house and reagan removed them . Yeah  then George W Bush had them put back on   I wonder why they were removed .didnt know GW had them put back. Yeah   Id love some solar panels  cut that bill   Its been great chatting   Have a nice day 
conversation_709 Have you heard the Eminem MGK diss tracks . No  but I have heard of NoClue  the fastest English rapper . I haven t heard of him  when was he around  The    s or    s  . I can t recall  but he raps at a rate of      Syllables per second . Thats crazy  There is this rapper from Chicago  Twista  who can rap really fast too  .Oooh   Tell me more  Did you know McDonald s was paying rappers    for ever mention of Big Macs in their songs .He was on some song a few years ago with Kanye West  So if i mentioned Big Macs in my song i get     That would be great if it was for every time the song played . Yeah  that Kanye is something  He hugged the president on his visit  I didn t know you could hug the president  I wonder too if the    was everytime the song played or just when the song came out  .Kanye West is a character  I wonder if he is really like that without the cameras around him . Did you catch that bit about Kanye referring to himself as  Ye  now .Yes i did  It seems to be something different with him everyday  I guess it does shorten his autograph a bit .It is speculated that Ye and Trump have hit it off so well because they both like to be in the spotlight  I m in the mood to chat about Superman .Sure  Seems like a good deal to purchase the right to SM for      .Oh  Do tell   I don t know about this  Did you know there was a Superman version for the Soviet Union . DC comics bought the right back in       Still seems like a bad deal  No  was he still called superman  . Very interesting facts you have there  Yes  he was still called Superman but he was raised in the Soviet Union  There s also a coin in Canada that has Superman on the  heads  side  .Thats crazy  Do you know why Canada has him on the coin . No  I sure don t  but the coin is silver and is legal tender  Neil Degrasse once appeared in one of the comics .Thats great  I love Neil  Was it just a cameo .He helped Superman find his home planet .haha thats amazing  Have a great Day . But wait  There is more  Superman didn t originally fly  He was made to fly by Fleisher Studios  because they found his jump scenes too difficult to animate .Thats Great 
conversation_710 Hello   Have you ever read any Dr  Seuss books   One of my favorites is How the Grinch Stole Christmas .I like Green eggs and ham .That is a good one   Did you know that Dr  Seuss worked for the Army in World War   .I did not  He was voted least likely to succeed  They do not have an eye for talent   . Evidently   He worked in the animation and film department for the army writing  producing  and animating productions for them   He even won an academy award for one in      .I did not know that  I didn t know he was afraid of children either .Was he really   Why was he afraid of children .Because of their unpredictability  I wonder if he ultimately had any kids   .I don t know   It s interesting that children scared him and yet he wrote such wonderful books for them .He was one of the first persons to use the word nerd It was first used in the book If I Ran the Zoo .I didn t know that  I guess due to his books I always assumed he was this squeaky clean parental sort but he actually was drinking during prohibition and got caught . I blame him for getting caught  not the drinking part  I mean what else would you have done back then .Well he was a determined young man because he took up the pen name Seuss so he could keep on writing after that .Good for him  I would have given up  I wrote for a few years and it was a lonely experience   .I wonder if it was for him  He wrote over    books .That s a lot of books  I hope it was lucaritive for him . I imagine it was  His books had    television specials made from them and even a broadway musical  not to mention the movies and tv series .I can t believe Dartmouth gives out honorary phds  Seems like something non ivy league schools would do .Well the man did graduate from Oxford after all .He lived for a really long time too             I had no idea he was around that long .I had no idea he had done so much other than write children s books 
conversation_711 Hello  How are you today . Hi  I m good  thanks Just listening to some music on Spotify  You .What are you listening to  Is spotify ran through the internet .It is  I was listening to some Florence and the Machine  I prefer listening plugged into a desktop than using the app  My service isn t the best on my phone   but at I bet it s better than what you get at the top of Mount Everest.I m still surprised you get  g at the top of Mount Everest  Maybe to post selfies I m sure . I mean  if I could ever make it to the top I would definitely call everyone I love  and everyone I hate  to tell them .Haha you and me both  I think the internet has come a long way  It even helped introduce KPop to everybody . Speaking of  I know that it s intensely popular but I really don t know anything about it other than that it s mostly dominated by boy bands  right .Basically  I know North Korea has its own Kpop girl band though . Yeah  they re the most popular group there  But I bet the government has a hand in controlling what the people listen to  so it probably doesn t mean much.North Korea  No not all all  Just kidding I m sure too haha  I can t believe they mold these boy band members in bootcamps . That actually sounds a lot like what they did to sex workers in London in the   th century  Charged them for their clothes  their rooms  everything  so they always had a debt to pay back and were never free.Dang that is harsh  Even Jackie Chan manages a k pop boy band . He actively manages them  What  acting wasn t lucrative enough for him . I guess he needs to diversify all his money lol  Speaking of crazy  do you know the us military uses xbox     controllers for their EOD robots .I don t even know what an EOD robot is  But you re saying they use xbox controllers to control military robots  .Pretty much  They are bomb disposal robots so they are there for the greater good haha .I guess that s the best kind of robot imaginable  But now all I can think about is someone in fatigues lying on a couch moving their thumbs to dispose of a bomb lol.Haha that s the same picture I get as well haha  I want the ones that can debone chicken for you .That would really solve all of my chicken problems  I have pounds and pounds of bony chickens and no one  or no THING  to de bone them  You can t even see the floor at my place  Nothing but chicken and bone .Oh man this would help for sure  Well it was nice chatting with you have a great night 
conversation_712 Good afternoon .Good afternoon to you .What s on your mind today .Just read an article about the Lorax  Have you hear of that show . No  I ve never heard of it  But it s based on the book by Dr  Seuss  I m assuming .it is  A group of professors are trying to see if is based on a real story . What  That s insane  Dr  Seuss was an interesting person though  He was afraid of children  yet some of the most popular children s books of all time  . Wow  I did not know that  My favorite  is The Cat in the Hat . Crazy  right  He s not even a doctor technically  it s just a pen name he had to use when he was caught out drinking during the prohibition era  I think my favorite is Green Eggs and Ham .He served as one of nine army playwrights during ww . He s definitely lived an interesting life  I couldn t imagine living one just as exciting  Publishing one book would be crazy  but imagine publishing over     What a career . The first use of the word  nerd  was in his book .That s fascinating  Do you know any other fun facts about him . He wrote a screenplay called the       fingers  people started walking out after just    mins . That sounds terrifying  oh my goodness  This has been a fun conversation .Yes it has  I hope you have a great day .It ll be much better now that I got to learn so much about Dr  Seuss from you .It s always cool to learn new things . I totally agree  sometimes new topics can be so interesting  I hope you have a lovely day .I hope you do as well .Thank you 
conversation_713 Hi friend  What do you enjoy doing with your free time these days . I am usually resting  working out or on the internet  and you . Me too  although its hard to rest for me these days I have twins  they keep going and going haha I spend a lot of time on the internet  . I bet with twins   I have a boy and girl  but they are    months apart and that s a lot of work    Having twins must be so exciting though  So adorable  . Yes  they truly are  I love it  Thank goodness for the internet although did you know that all the clicks and sounds can cause a real addiction  . lol  I have heard that too  Clicking those links  . Yes  although we can find a wealth of information  Im a researcher at heart always looking for something new to learn  Like I just learned about the  garlic girls  have you heard of them . Yes  I was wondering about that  do you know what Olympic curling is . Ive seen it a couple times but I dont really understand it  But I watched the  garlic girls  they are amazing  by the way they prefer to be called the  Team Kim  do you know why . No why  So when you watched it  what were the garlic girls doing . due to a common sur name in south korea  All of their last name is Kim  So all of them nicknamed themselves after their fav things such as pancakes  cookies  etc  so cute  I caught a   min video  just waxing the floor to make the  ball  go further  i liked their spirit. Oh ok  that makes sense  That s funny   Have you heard of this K pop   The North Korean played a song  Hit your heart when they sank a South Korean warship in       Good thing they are getting along better now  . Yes  my older daughter introduced me to them  they are obsessed with K pop and BTS  a boy band in case u havent heard  their songs are catchy. Really  North Korea has a band called Moranbong band  lol it suppose to be the most popular in their country  .Thats an interesting name  Its crazy the feud of these   countries north and south korea  in      south korea responded by blasting a k pop song when north korea sank a southern warship  they are creative at least fighting with songs lol.At least they are in a peaceful mode at this time  How do you feel about robots  do you have any  Like the vacuum cleaner  lol.well    I dont mind having a robot that could help me clean    just the thought that eventually it can be aware of itself and start a war like conspiracies have it lol Im not sure what i believe yet but i could use a helper around the house clean after these twins . That s what I was thinking with the twins  I saw a video of a cat riding one of those vacuum cleaners for fun around the house  helps with liter clean up  I have also seen a video of   vacuums going round and round with halloween brooms attached for decorations  So funny  . Lol  I can definitely see robots becoming very useful allies  I just dont trust the people in power and how they could be used  Also it would be cool to see how the giant robot michael jackson wanted to let roam in the dessert would of been a cool sight to see. Can you imagine looking out your hotel window in Las Vegas and seeing that   ft robot roaming around   ha  ha ha  . He would make history once again  He was amazing  Anyway  it was fun chatting with you  sending you light and love  Take care 
conversation_714  Hi  how are you . Hello  what hobbies do you enjoy . I like to watch sports  drink fine whiskeys and workout  You .I agree and I also enjoy surfing the internet or learning about robots.Nice  what have you learned about robots .Well did you know the us military uses xbox     controllers to control their eod robots  Perhaps games are a conspiracy to raise the next generation of remote robot pilots .Wow  Probably because all of their operators played the games growing up so it was only natural .Now robots can debone a chicken with surgical precision and efforts are being made so that surgeons can do surgery remotely. WHAT  That s crazy  I want one  The deboning robot  not the surgery one  That would be great .A more creepier thing is that robots can be controlled using rat brains and the robot will change personality based on the brain  Kind of like the rick and morty episode where rick turns himself into a pickle.I just got into Rick and Morty but am only on episode    But rat brains is pretty creepy . Oh then you will eventually see the episode I am referring too  I would say it was well written and while it may be a bit disgusting  very intriguing as well. Overall  do you like the show  I want to get into it but haven t gotten excited about it yet .Well personally I liked it  Games of Thrones actually took me longer to get into.I got into GoT right away  I will try to keep on watching it  A lot of my friends love the show so I want to understand their jokes  What other shows do you enjoy .Well lately I have been watching more shows over the internet such as revisiting old ones like south park or watching final space.Final Space  I have not heard of that  What is it about . It is a recent cartoon follow up that deals with a prisoner in space  Pretty humorous though  Many voice actors and people in rick and morty were in it  If you want to look up more info  the internet  with its vast information network  would be an invaluable resource .I will have to use that resource to look it up  I may even use the hamburger button .Talking about the hamburger button kinda makes me wanna eat a burger with curly fries.Me too  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_715  hi  do you know Dr  Seuss . Oh yeah  loved his books as a kid   Seems we have many Loraxes and Once lers these days .did you know he was voted least likely to succeed by his classmates . Yeah  they really had to eat their judgement  Can you believe his work is also being in scientific studies by Dartmouth .that is something  did you know he was afraid of children too . Yep  but children weren t afraid of him   His books were always checked out  The word  nerd  was his creation .He has done so much through his work  He was technically a doctor too cause he has a phd from Dartmouth .Yes and he did it all without computers   He might have though the water powered computer the Russians made in      was cool .Yeah that one is actually pretty cool  did you know the space shuttle comouter run on   mb of ram. Yeah  the shuttle actually had   of them for redundancy  Speaking of space  in      the UN appointed an official ambassador to extraterrestrials  Funny huh .Hahha just in case they ever appear and want to communicate with us . My first question would be   Why did you cross all those light years just for Earth   You ll not find us environmentally friendly and here s a copy of the Lorax  .hahhahaha  Did tyou know the days were much shorter when earth was formed . Yep  I wonder if that s with or without the moon    As humans  we would account for only   min and    sec of a    hour period   We are newbies  .That is insane  Did you know earth will be helium free by the end of the century . So much for those shiny silver balloons    Q  If the Lorax represents environmentalists  what are the Brown Bar ba loots . I am actually not sure  Sadly though  we have deforested more than     of the earth.It is sad but environmentalists sometimes are loony   Like Apple voiding the warranty of their computers for smoking near it because they think it makes it a biohazard .Yeah that is kind of strange  Did you know transhumanists want to upload their minds to computers . Yeah  I would be interested in how much different space people would need .I guess we ll have to wait and see  nice chatting with you
conversation_716  Hey there  do you vote during elections . Yes  I always vote  How about you .Me too  There is a voter in India that lives with lions and they set a poll just for him to vote .What kind of lions live in India  Had you heard of that before  That one voter   Did you know it is required by law in Australia that everyone must vote  I think we should have that .Yea I think we should really  I mean even astronauts vote from space  Why can t we here . Do you think more women vote  or more men   Why do women vote against their own interests . i do not know  strange enough though  not all men were allowed to vote in the uk until       I wonder how you made the cut to vote. My guess would be that it had to be property owning me or literate men  but that is just from our own country s history that makes me guess that  .that is actually a very good idea  sadly     of the black population in alabama has lost the right to vote  I wonder if that has to do with felony laws. Yes  it does have to do with felony laws   After emancipation  southern states set out on a purposeful campaign to reenslave black people using all sorts of new laws that put them in jail and put them to work   a heinous system in this country    Totally racist .I know cannot believe it is the   st century and we are still this closed minded . I agree with you  man . In Austin  on the other hand  people went out and voted on renaming their garbage dump after Fred Durst .That s pretty weird.I know so strange  Have you ever visited the white house . I went by the outside of it  but couldn t go in  What about you .Yeah me too just from the outside  It has twin buildings in other countries as well .Have you been to those other White Houses   Where are they .they are in ireland and france  wonder if the presidents live in those too. No  I don t think their presidents live in those white houses or someone would have mentioned it to me   .Yeah same here  Some people go there every year when they reveal the christmas tree . ok  bye now.bye
conversation_717 Hi  It s so insane that women couldn t vote just a short time ago  I remember my grandma telling me about that .It is strange to think about  I think it is irresponsible not to vote in this day and age  It is a hard fought right and we should take advantage fo that . I agree  I was always encouraged to vote  However  i do think that Tina Fey was unfair saying that white college educated women turned the election and now  want to go back to watching HGTV .I agree that was a comment that was only intended to incite people not bring about any actual rational discussion .I agree  I do think the  MEtoo movement has been very helpful for women but i think that s a stretch  I do think that people like my grandma and Catehrine Glanagan really started the moevement .I find it hard to join the conversation  I can see points from both sides  As a woman it is hard for me to be told by men what I should do with my health care and what should be covered but I think the other side of it is taking even the smallest offenses and instead of letting it go blowing it hugely out of proportion . I completely agree  I think there is a balance between voting and holding men accountable but still not making men the enemy  Gender aside  it s pretty sad that voter tturnout in the US hasn t been above     in over     years    I find it such a privilege  .So true  How can we not participate in something so important to our country s future  There are people the world over dying because they want the same rights we have and a third of Americans are just ignoring that right . I know  i m not sure how i feel though about Nevada having a  none of these candidates  option  In  my mind  that s the same as not voting  .I think if people were more inclined to vote  rd party we would start to see real change but so many get this hyper focus on the two party system and it is leading us down a bad path . I agree  Did you know that Astronauts vote from space      sointeresting   i dont know if i was in space  i would care about whats going on down on earth haha.That is quite interesting  I think we have turned voting into a spectacle instead of the serious thing it is supposed to be  I mean renaming a garbage dump seems like a silly ballot to have . I agree but then again when people don t have the right to vote for so long and still don t have the right t ovote  they will want to vote on anything  LIKe     of black men in alamaba can t vote ever again  .I wonder why that is  What keeps a person from being able to vote .If they were convicted of certain crimes  I m not sure what else could prevent that other tahn just blatant discrimination .Which is always a possiblity sadly  It seems like america goes out of its way to make it difficult on voters while other countries are leaping through hoops to make things happen for their people .Agreed  India even sets up polling in forests for one voter  In America we do it midweek where people can t even get there unless they can take off work .exactly  I think we are so far removed from the process that we just see it as normal now  I like what the ancient athenians did with holding a lottery  I think that would be something that would shake things up a bit . Can you imagine   Maybe a short candidate would start to win   As a short person myself  i m       i think it s sad that the taller person has won      of the time in the past     years  .It has become a popularity constest almost  I think the advent of social media is making society focus less on the politics and more on the feelings which isn t the way to run a country .Totally agree  Have you ever been to the white house  I had no idea that there were solar panels put in by George Bush .I think the switch to renewable energy is a responsible choice by any president  That is really awesome 
conversation_718 It appears that our country is in a lull when it comes to being willing to vote .I know  I think Ms  McDonald may take it really seriously but I can unserstand why  A lot of woman worked really hard for the right to vote . In the same token  it is their right to vote or not to vote . yeah  Just seems like a lot of peopple worked hard for woman to ignore that right  But you are correct  Plus  it s really inconvenient . My only issue with the matter is that we talk a lot about these individuals and are very apt to getting mad when people  don t excersise this right  soley on the basis of women getting it  but we seem to forget how many men fought for this right too in the beginning of this country .That is true and a great perspective  I agree that a lot of the rights americans have are usually taken for granted with the inclusion of time  Think about the draft now a days  There would be a mutany  Yet many of the brave soldiers for Vietnam were drafted . That is why I can understand McDonalds point of view and frustration  but wonder what her grandmother would say today  Would she be so upset . I hope so or McDonald is upset for nothing  I at least hope people understand the sacrifice  I for one do and vote every election  Even the  meaningless  local elections . Same here   I am amazed at the statistics of voter turnout  however  with it stating that we haven t seen more than     of the population vote in over     years   More and more people are frustrated with the current state of affairs and it seems like the election doesn t change anything . That s exactly why I vote  I can make a difference  even if statistically  my vote doesn t count . You wonder what our way of voting will be like in    years   Will it look the same with polling booths  ballots  etc .That is a good question  I wonder if accusations of voter fraud will impact it at all . Or  if more states will allow us to vote for none of the candidates   Or will write ins be more popular   Maybe we will just end up liking someones status of social media and that will be good enough   Interesting to think about.Yeah  I live in Illinois and we can skip voting on a race if we choose to  Can you do the same . Same here   You wonder  however  will states mandate your vote   Maybe not get tax return if you haven t voted   Wanting to boost voter turnout if it gets bad enough.There s a crazy election process that other countries use  The lowest vote total get booted from the ballot and then revote happens  This happens until there is one person left .Survival of the fittest  Not a bad idea I guess   Much like our primaries   Maybe we just do Hunger Games style and see what happens .That sure would be an interesting dynamic to add to the debates .Hulk Hogan and the Rock  Duane Johnson  have both said they have considered running   That would benefit them I guess . Not sure Hogan would be a good choice  with his racial slurs being caught on video and all  The Rock would do well  Plus he s easy on the eyes   . That and they say that generally the taller the candidate  the more likely they win .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_719 How do you like Nickelodeon   They did get political though but celebrated and honored those participating in the March for Our Lives to address gun control and stop mass shootings .Nickelodeon   That channel for kids   I mean we watched it only when my kids were really young    not anymore    who else do You think watches that     .Parents you are appeasing their kids watch it of course   Millions were watching the      Kids  Choice Awards . oh crap  I had no idea    well  is channel like that even CAN be political   I mean  aren t there any regulations to prevent something like that from happening  .They are private so they can do that I m sure and they are trying to promote educational purposes it sounds like but it does sound like it could send a biased message to kids .I don t know about You but to me it sounds like brain washing young minds which don t really know what is going on in the real world   .I guess that is why it is important for parents to talk to their kids and kids to listen to their parents   Do you watch Spider Man   The favorite movie actress went to Zendaya aged    of Spider Man Homecoming and The Great Showman.I do watch spider man   I can t say I liked any of the actors playing Peter Parker    did You like it   I want to watch the new one   Into the Spider verse or something like that    I heard it s goo . I like them   Zendaya  only     told kids to  never let anybody tell you that your age should limit you from actually doing whatever you think you need to do in the world    Maybe somewhat inspirational  but maybe it will inspire kids to defy authority and elders.I don t know about that    my daughter when she was    still wanted to wear her tutu skirt on her birthday    I didn t let her   . Did you ever watch  Stranger things    Apparently  the actress playing eleven s mother lived her whole life without legs . oh man  poor thing    I hope her head is in the right place    Yes  I love the show  do You like it   What do You think about it  .I have no clue but it is a science fiction horror web tv series on Netflix. First I thought it s like for kids  but they did such a great job in showing the   s   the music  clothing  cars and posters    it wakes up the nostalgia in me    so I keep watching   .Why does the character have a number name eleven . She was a part of the experiments of mind control and moving to other dimensions to hear what the Russians are plotting about   and all previous  experiment  subjects failed  She is number    and is successful   . Oh  like R  D  maybe robotic   Who is your favorite actor in the show   Is it Winona Ryder .R D  was doing telekinesis      I don t remember that    I hate Winona Ryder in that show    kids are acting better than she is  I like the kid that s in Verizon commercials now   .Do you like Youtube  You can find almost any information on how to do things or watch things there   It is the second largest search engine on the net .I do find Youtube very useful when I need to do something not entirely legal with my PC    or free cable   .Half of the peak internet traffic in North America is made up by Netflix and Youtube   Nice chatting 
conversation_720 It is crazy how far youtube has come in such a short amount of time .I totally agree with you on that   I mean It was just created in      and look at it now .I never really think of it as a search engine although I guess technically it is . I guess so since people search for videos   Speaking of  did you know that Justin Bieber s video is the most disliked on youtube .Not suprising  He is a very polarizing celebrity .He is at that   What do you think about Carol Burnett being the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street .Not surprising  She is quite hilarious  A good fit for a show like that . She is really funny   She s probably been searched a lot on youtube   Speaking of  I ve heard that youtube combined with netfilx makes up half of the peak internet traffic in the country .I think it is cool that youtube is pairing with tv stations to offer streaming for people that don t want cable .I do too   The site is owned by Google so hopefully that will keep costs down .It is really neat that the police have their own version of youtube  I would love to see some of the car chase videos . I wonder if their site has the real videos  you know  nothing edited out or anything .I m sure it is  I wonder if it is able to be accessed for trials and such . That s an interesting thought   I don t know   That reminds me of Judge Judy   Did you know she makes          per episode .I didn t  I m not a fan of her  She doesn t seem like she follows the rules and just sort of goes with how she feels and if the people annoy her to make a ruling .She does sometimes but those people agree to abide by her verdict when they go on her show   i wonder if they do that because she is a celebrity   She gets a lot of attention from the media and such .Maybe  I wonder if she has ever voiced a character based on her in a cartoon  That seems like a popular celebrity thing to do . Yeah  ever since Robin Williams did Aladdin it has become a trend .I miss Robin Williams  He was a one of a kind talent .He truly was   It s sad to learn that he was depressed when he always seemed so upbeat and happy   I wonder if he visited the secret room Pixar studio has .I could see him doing that  I think he really loved animated films like that  He tried so hard to make everyone around him laugh while he was so sad inside 
conversation_721 Have you seen the tv show Stranger Things   It is quite the interesting horrow show.I havnt  Is it any good .Yes it was originally based on Project Montauk   a supposed secret government program involving kidnapping children .Well it certainly sounds interesting .It has some famous stars in it like Winona Ryder and David Harbour.Thats cool  I like both of those actors .Do you know any celebrities   I met Robin Williams once right after he started the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films.I dont personally know any  Do you . I met Judge Judy once   she makes     k per episode  making her the highest paid celebrity after Lebron James .I would rather watch her than lebron any day  Lol .Ethopia has a celebrity tv chef who is trying to combat hunger in his country.That is good of him to do  Wonder how he is doing it .He is encourage everyone to eat more diverse foods .I dont really see how that is combating hunger but ok .It helps with farmers growing more crops and diversifying the fields   I think it is funny that Pixar studio has a whole secret room for celebrities .That is cool  I would really like to see that room .I wonder if Carol Burnett ever went there   she was the very first celebrity to ever be on Sesame Street .Im sure she has  I was never a big carol burnett fan tho .Do you have any favorite videos on youtube   That is a huge website these days  .I just watch it to find out how to do stuff  Like work on the car or something .It is the largest searchengine out there 
conversation_722 Hi there  How are you today  I ve been watching TV .Hey oh nice me too  What are your thoughts on politics in Hollywood  I think it is ridiculous  Event the kids choice awards are getting involved .I have heard that The Nickelodeon kids choice awards got political .Yeah  Even back when they did their little voting campaign  MTV even paid to bus people to a march in Washington .That s insane  I know Jaden Smith was a presenter that announced his presence at the March of Our Lives .Oh interesting  I think actors should just focus on acting  Like the Stranger Things tv show was amazing  So glad the Duffer Brothers created it . Yes  agree  I m not familiar with that show  but I think celebrities or celeb for slang should be neutral  .Oh the show is great it s on Netflix  Celebs are popular though  There is a guy with the same name as Justin Bieber who was banned from FB .Haha that s great  Was it the show originally based on a secret government program involving the kidnapping of children for use in mind control experiments .Yeah exactly  And actually David Harbour is an actor on the show and he tore his Achilles before . Oh  weird  I heard the actress that portrays Eleven s mom has lived her whole life with no legs .Holy cow that would be tough  The Stranger Things title font is also used in Paramounts fbi piracy warning . It would be tough  Oh  weird about the font  I am not into this type show  but I love shows like Judge Judy  Amazingly enough she is one of the highest paid celebs making    k per episode . Oh wow  Yeah that is a good show  Do you like youtube  YT celebrity Jenna Marbles makes         per year .I do not know who that is  I know You Tube is the second largest search engine on the net though .Yeah so much power  Guess who was the most overrated celebrity in       Paris Hilton lol . Yeah  I have not heard about her lately  I know You Tube was started by three former Paypal employees  What a good move .Yeah I thank them for that because I use it so much  It was created back in       It is a google subsidiary .Did you know police have their own type of YouTube called blutube where they share law enforcement videos .No I wonder if it helps catch criminals  Most of the content uploaded to youtube is by individuals but youtube also has some paid partnerships as well . I am not sure  but I d think so  Youtube and Netflix make up half of peak internet traffic in north America  That might be why the cops have their own .Yeah good point  Google actually created a network that watched    minute youtube clips to recognize cats  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_723 Do you like hockey .A little  I watch NHL games sometimes  Did you know that the USA olympic women s hockey team lost to a HS team . I bet that was humiliating  that s a hard defeat to recover from.Maybe they were just really good  India even beat the US      in the      Olympics .Or maybe we have a terrible team  Did you hear about that hockey player that was traded for only one dollar .Maybe  Ha no I didn t hear about that  Pretty embarrassing I think  Do you listen to country music . I do like country music  one of my favorite music genres  do you listen to it  do you like it . I have recently started to listen to country music and I really like it  It used to be called  Hillbilly music  haha but Connie B  Gay coined the term  Country music  .I dont know about about Connie B but I do like George Strait. I do too  and Darius Rucker  In      the album  NFL Country  was released  NFL players sang along with country music stars haha. That sounds like a great album  U  used to play country in disguised  they wore wigs and costumes.That s interesting  I didn t know that and I m a fan of U   I heard that the Fender Stratocaster was intended only for country music .U  is a great band and the Strotocaster is the best guitar ever . Agreed  Off topic  did you know that the direction of Earth s magnetic field reverses every    k    k years .No I didnt know that on the other hand I did now we will be helium free by the end of this century.I wonder why and I wonder how people will be affected  I m amazing to think that the earth is almost  x as dense as the sun . The earth is just amazing      of it is water and we live in a tiny     .It is  And Jupiter protects the Earth from asteroids  The whole solar system is just amazing .So Jupiter is basically our superhero  I guess not all heroes wear capes lol.Haha very true  I was also really surprised to learn that you could fit all the planets between earth and the moon and still have room to spare . That is amazing  the moon looks so close but its so far away  thanks a lot for the chat by the way.Great chat  Have a good day night. Great chat indeed  a lot of cool facts  info  thanks again and have a great night
conversation_724 Are you much of a hockey fan .Not really  Just never got into ito it to much  How about you .I m a pretty big fan  It s a fast game   the players really give it their all  In fact an average pro hockey player loses up to   pounds a game .That is crazy  Did you know that a new england high school team actually beat the womens olympic team     .That s surprising   embarrassing for the women s team  I appreciate the history of the sport  Hockey was in the first Winter Olympic games all the way back in      .I heard that  Allso it      india beat the US      Thats kind of embarrassing as well .Really  That s how sports are sometimes I guess  Are you much of a country music fan .Yeah I love country music .Did you know that U  once opened for themselves in costumes as a fake country band in      .I did hear that actually  Its funny that nobody noticed it was them .Yeah you d think the crowd wold notice that  I recently read that George Strait   Jeff Bezos are cousins  Who would have guessed that .Not me  Lot of talent in that family huh .Henry Ford helped finance   make country music popular because he thought Jazz was decadent . I dont know  I kind of like jazz  In    a nfl country was released  Did you hear about that .No I didn t know that  Do you read much about science especially earth science . Yeah  my son is really into science  so we are always learning new stuff and doing little experiments .Did you know that when the Earth was first formed a day was only     hours long .That would really make it hard to get the yard mowed huh . Lol  yeah I think so  Once sad thing is that more than    percent of the earth s forests have been destroyed .That is sad to think about .Yes it s very sad  I enjoyed talking with you  Hopefully you have a good day 
conversation_725 Hello.Hello   Do you know that there are many types of hockey .I do   I played in elementary school.What kind do you play   Is it field or ice hockey .Ice hockey  I think field hockey is for those who take it a bit less seriously .I see    Was it hard to move a puck around . for the most part  I spent     of my time on the net   The only time I ever got pulled off goal was to do workouts or coordination work .How difficult is it to use a hockey stick compared to baseball bat . In someways the same and some different   It s a bit like the idea of trying to play golf with a bat   Honestly  it s a little bit like fast paced competitive floor sweeping really . I read an article that says  An average professional hockey player will lose up to   pounds in one game    Did it happen to you .it s a bit like taking a shower with your clothing on   You finish and you are soaked   One way to get around the misery is to chew gum   It keeps your mouth from drying out .I see   Did players lose weight fast only in one game . oh totally  but it s     usually afterwards  you drink a bottle of gatorade or powerade or even orange juice and you have recovered a lot of what you lost   Everybody is different  but an hour after a game or a heavy practice and you are back to where you were  mostly   Worst case  eat a donut or a couple clif bars .Interesting  Thank you for your explanation   Do you like country music .I m listening to country right now   I put some Darius Rucker on.nice   I did not know that country music was originated in the south   Do you know what state .I actually would have guessed Georgia   It seems like a place where country would be really popular .I am curious and I will research further later   Country musicians use mostly string instruments   Do they use drums . oh  for sure    other instruments  like banjos  pianos  horns and even organs show up  but lead guitar  bass and drums are still fairly common.Do you know that Amazon CEO and the country music legend george strait are cousins .I did not   George Strait must be related to everybody   His family must be huge
conversation_726 I can t believe the Golden Knights almost won the Stanley cup on their inaugural season .That s awesome  Were they the one who had the player who was traded for    . I don t believe so  They just had their first season last year  and did really well  when no one thought they would . Oh  okay  The player who was traded  went on to win four Stanley cups . That s interesting  I was completely unaware of that  But yeah  the Golden Knights didn t do bad at all  were   game from being champions .It s saddening that only     of Earth s natural forests remain . Yeah  I certainly am not too enthused with the way things are going with the planet being abused lately   For a     billion year old planet  it s a shame watching it get abused .We will be helium free by the end of the century . I never knew that  but that s an interesting fact  I wonder if helium has any other uses than balloons  I would assume so  but I don t know definitively .Helium has a lot of other uses  Earth is also the most dense planet in the universe .I never knew that  It s crazy to think when earth was formed the days were only     hours long . That s interestin  as humans only represent a little over   minute in the    hour period . Very intriguing  On that note of humans  it s interesting to note that country music  or western  has been around since the    s  While I m not a fan  it s still interesting . Yes  and George Strait is a cousin of Jeff Bezos . I used to be a big fan of Amazon  but not so much lately  so I m ok with them being related  And Henry Ford helped popularize country music .You can t really pick your relatives    I was surprised to learn that the Stratocaster was  developed for country music . That s pretty interesting to know  but it kind of makes sense with country being as old as it is  and rock not coming around until much later . Canada has two national sports  my favorite is lacrosse .I would assume the other being hockey  I know little of either  but more about hockey  . Yes  hockey is the other one .I do know that in      in the first Olympics team Canada scored     goals versus   they allowed .Did they have a hockey rink under the basketball court . I do believe so  I had a friend who played hockey  and said they can lose up to   pounds in a game . That s a lot  Thank you for chatting with me  enjoy your day .You have a swell day as well .Thanks
conversation_727  Hello  do you like comedy . Sure  Like Bill Murray  I think Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy  You . Yes  I liked Bill Murray back in the day when Kung Fu Hustle was out back in the    s I think   But now  I really like the lady comedies that were out not too long ago like  Bad Teacher    Bad Moms   and all those other funny movies led by the ladies . Yeah  There was a time period where quite a few chick comedies came out that were pretty good  but we seem to be in a slump these days  Am I right .True  Melissa McCarthy had quite a few comedy movies like Bridesmaids that was hilarious  Bridesmaids made over      million and was the second highest grossing movie of the year that wasn t a sequel . She shined in that role   But more typical these days are flops like   The Spy Who Dumped Me       Did they really think a movie with the word  Dumped  in the title was going to fair well .Good point  I like Mila Kunis and Kate McKinnon s movie  It made just     million taken in it s first two weeks . Not quite as popular as the movie  Girls Trip  but not a total loss like the movie  Rough Night . Yes  I really liked Girls  Trip  I thought it was really funny and I loved the cast   I also liked male version movies with names like  The    Year Old Virgin  and the  Hangover  which had their heyday in the     s . Yeah  but it has been a few years since be had a popular bromance like  the Hangover  or  Harold and Kumar    .That s true  Since there is a genre of movies called bromantic comedies that also included Pineapple Express as well . Yeah  If you find a good comedian that can also act  and find th eright situation for them  you can get a pretty good film  But comedians thrive on failure too  Did you know that comedian Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue comedy . Yeah  I ve heard that one already as well  Comparatively speaking  Tom Hanks is the highest all time box office star with over      billion in worldwide film earnings  He s both an actor and a celebrated comedian . Talented comedian   I also like comedian Demetri Martin  He s quite brilliant too   He was accepted in into Harvard Law School  but dropped out because he was bored to pursue comedy  I m thankful for that . Yeah  comedy is still basically tied to its roots and originally came from theatrical Greek comedy  This is where two opposing sides are depicted as youth vs  the older generation and the youth loses because the young people are relatively powerless compared to their elders  in essence . Deep   So answer me this  Why did Trojan Wars do so bad at the box office  earning only       when the film had a     million budget  Was it a straight video film . Wow  that s a good question  I don t know the answer but I do know that Disney s  treasure planet  was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time  So that was worse than the Trojan Wars movie . Was it as bad as Disney s Sleeping Beauty episode  Apparently  Disney considering closing down their animation studio when that movie failed expectations  Good thing they did not . So  there s been a lot of flops out there as well as successes  I remember the Silence of the Lambs that came out on Valentine s Day      and had a box office take of over      million  Wow . A great date night movie for Valentines Day    Maybe a dinner theater where you and your partner can dine on Liver and Far var bean with a nice Chianti    No  I would definitely still prefer a good old fashion slap stick comedy . Me too  Nice chatting with you  have a good one 
conversation_728  Hi  Do you remember Dennis Rodman from the Bulls   He visited Singapore for the Summit between Trump and Kim . Hello   Yes I remember him   he had different colored hair all the time   Awesome   .It seems like he was helping to bring peace between the countries   He helped bring some awareness of issues   He s been there multiple times since      .It looks like Spain is a guest at every g   summit . Wow   Can you picture it with Rodman leaving North Korea last year wearing a t shirt that said  Ambassador Rodman    I wonder if he still dyes his hair or if he has to follow a different dress code . He can probably do whatever he wants since he was once a popular name  Speaking of North Korea   it says Kim Jong un learned to drive at age     wow Koreans must be pretty lax on driving laws lol .That sounds pretty scary   Why do they do that .Why do they do what .Why did they teach Kim Jong to drive at age   . I do not know   I don t even know if anyone actually taught him   I read recently that he LEARNED to drive at age     He could ve taught himself or stolen a car and learned by trial and error   he could ve watched youtube and followed instructions on driving  Not really sure   there could be a lot of possibilities .I don t think youtube was around in          He was born in      as the second child of Kim Jong il and Ko Yong hui   Seems to have come from a line of leaders including the first leader of North Korea Kim II sung. That wasn t really the point ref Youtube  lol Yes   his father and grandfather before him were Prime Ministers as well  .Kim Jong un must be a handsome guy because he was voted most sexiest man alive by the onion and china believes it . lol I thought that was funny   who is the onion   I think its funny that I read no one knows how old kim jong un is   Thats cuz Korean way of deciding age is different thatn america  . It says he was born January         making him    this week. Not really   In Korea   when you are born you are already   year old   also if you are born in dec or jan   before korean new year   on Korean New Year you turn     So its weird   They don t calculate it like America  .Interesting   I guess they are correct   I wonder if that is because they view life as starting at conception .oops sorry I made a mistake   Yes everyone is   year old when they are born and all babies turn   on their next korean new years   not just babies born in dec or jan   So a baby can be less than a week old and be   years old . Oh  that s a little confusing to me   Do you like basketball   Did you know that the highest paid state employee is either a basketball or football coach in    of the    states   Good use of tax dollars . Right   that is a little weird   But good for them   They making good money . Yes  they are   I wonder if they work more hours than most in government that their pay is so high   The inventor of basketball was a coach  but was the only losing coach in University of Kansas  history  Nice talking to you 
conversation_729 I wonder how much of a voice we should give to a celebrity when it comes to foreign policy. In my opinion  for the most cases none   Dennis Rodman and Kim Jong Un for example is pretty crazy .Right   He seems to be making headway though so how much leadway is good to give him or should he be granted official ambassador status because of their friendship .Rodman always speaks very favorably of Kim Jong Un and theres more to it than that .I think while he does speak highly of him that isn t necessarily a bad thing  It may be him taking advantage of a situation to keep an enemy closer for an avantage for his own country something our politicians might be smart to use . I could normally believe that  but I haven t personally heard of Rodman doing something that wasn t for himself   Him wearing an  Ambassador Rodman  shirt totally shifted the attention on himself .Valid point but during the trying times in which we live any avenue to a summit without controversy or spying is a good thing .That I can agree with   But  I don t think Kim Jong Un wants to change at all .No I don t think so either  He s a man who has been fed a certin retorhic all his life and now passes that on to his people  I think we are wise to be wary but that doesn t mean we won t have to deal with him eventually  I think one of the smart things the president has done is have a meeting with him . Yup  for sure   I wouldn t mind seeing a second meeting   COnsidering we don t really know how old kim jong un is  it would be wise to at least be cordial for the time being . I think of that meeting as a summit like with stalin  churchhill  and roosevelt  The times we are in don t seem that dissimilar  . It does seem to be quite chaotic   Curious what the next few years bring   And what direction kim jong un takes north korea   He s certainly in charge  being  the Marshal  and all .We seem to have a lot of summit events but nothing is getting accomplished  Makes sense why Spain doesn t actually want to be part of the g   . Spain doesn t impress me   They seem to only be out for themselves  but are eager to take any handouts they can get   I d like to see them more involved internationally   Not in the way Russia is though   During a past g   summit they gave delegates thumb drives containing viruses so they could spy on them .The fact that a satire group risked imprisionment to impersonate some of Apec says to me that people see these as nothing but a big joke or a chance to steal information . Quite possibly   The canadian prime minister told Putin he needed to get out of ukraine  and you see how that went .Honestly they seem like large children trying to all get their way with temper tantrums and foot stomping .And nothing gets done   It seems like there are so many summits now that they really aren t anything special   They are pretty much just a form of international governance at this point . Exactly  I thnk the media has fueled this as well especially with inflammatory reports like the ones with Rodman  Trump and Kim  . The media seems to fuel everything  just to get ratings   Well  it s been nice chatting with you   One of the more enjoyable one of these that I ve had .You as well  It is nice to have a well reasoned discussion of things 
conversation_730  How s it going  Did you know that the term  summit  wasn t used until      . Hi  yourself   No I didn t know that   I know a summit is a big deal international meeting with lots of heads of state or governments   Usually you hear about the G   summit . Yea  I m surprised at the g   the Canadia PM shook Putin s hand and told him to get out the Ukraine  I would be more stern with Putin if I was there. Ok  it s pretty risky saying that to Putin   I heard the Russians one time gave out phone chargers and thumb drives that contained trojan viruses out at a G   summit   .I bet the Russians have a lot of data on Spain since it is the only country that is a permanent guest at the g  . I bet they do too   Do you think Trump and Kim Jong  un are going to have another meeting  like the one in June      . Yea probably  the meeting in June      made both of them look good and both could use it as a distraction. A distraction or a chance to spy on each other  lol I can t believe Kim Jong un was voted the sexiest man alive by the  Onion   must be a state run organization . Yea that and him learning to drive at the age of    sounds too good to be true lol.The teacher was probably persuaded to pass him   A lot of children aren t even fully potty trained at age three .Yea plus Kim Jong has been known to edit pictures to show a different history so I think it s possible he could have photoshopped himself at   driving a car. How true   I read somewhere North Korea has theme parks and they are undergoing renovations at kim jong un s orders   Can you believe they have theme parks  there .Lol I have read about Kim Jong trying to build like the world s greatest water park to open only when the media is around so I can see him building more theme parks. You know  I ve heard that nobody really knows how old the guy is anyway   All this spy technology and intelligence we have should be able to determine his age   . I ve heard he s a big basketball fan  I wonder if basketball coaches in Korea are the highest paid employees like they are in    out of    states in the US. Only if they re winners  I m sure   He probably puts the winning coaches up in his palace  Do you watch much basketball . Only if my team  Knicks  have a chance at the postseason  which is mostly no  I think they have a worse record than James Naismith s University of Kansas teams. Aww  too bad   You know He invented basketball   How ironic is that .Yea you figured since Naismith invented basketball he could of just changed the rules around to help him win lol. Exactly my thoughts  You know Kareem Abdul  Jabbar was so good at dunking  it was banned from college basketball for over a decade . Kareem should of sued to change the rule  if the case made it to the Supreme Court he could of played with the justices on their basketball court. That s right   Well  it s been nice chatting with you   I have to go wash my car  now   I ll talk to you later 
conversation_731  So  it s pretty interesting that Dennis Rodman hasn t commented on that latest Trump Kim Jong Un Summit  .Yeah he might be feeling jealous or hurt that he was not invited . Although if he truly feels that emotionally connected to the cause of peace with NK  you d think he d be able to set aside personal slights  .Yes that is true  I find it funny Shaq has only one recorded  pt in his whole career .I didn t not know that .How about vasectomy rates rising during march madness  Serves as an excuse for men to stay home and watch the games . I heard that was an urban legend  but if he makes guys more willing to go get the snip  I m all for it  Do you think Ruth Bader Ginsburg plays H O R S E  at the SCOTUS court  .I would like to see that  The lady is quite up there in age . Although the hoop is    feet tall and she s like  what   maybe four feet tall  ha .You never know she might have hops  Or come out in Space Jam beast mode  That movie is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time .Even more than Hoosiers  I d like to see a buddy movie with Rodman and Kim Jong Un  They can go on various adventures .That would be an amazing movie  That movie would be seen world wide . Kim Jong Un can show us how he always shoots holes in one  or how he learned to drive at age   or was voted the sexist man alive   and next to Rodman he will seem like a very reasonable person .So is it true Kim jon un cuts his own hair for fear of barbers . Possibly  We don t even know how old he really is  so it s hard to know anything for sure  .Very interesting character  I find it funny that his half brother used a fake passport to try getting to Disneyland .The same half brother he had killed  That s what you get for trying to sneak into the Magic Kingdom .Not the happiest place on earth for that family  He also had a brother who was spotted at an eric clapton concert . Holding a lighter and swaying to Layla  most likely  Well  after this last summit broke down  I m not sure how much more we will see of him  .Yeah this summit did not end as everyone was expecting .But was it as bad as the g   summit when Russia gave the US delegates thumb drives and phone chargers containing trojan viruses .That is almost unbelievable 
conversation_732 Hi do you like star wars .I love it  Have you seen the FOrce Awakens one .I have and do you know who plays the role of Poe Dameron.Yeah and he asked that he be a native of planet yavin   because it is filmed in guatemala where he is from.Nice  Did you know Lucas s wife won the academy award for editing .Yeah because she added some scenes that mad the movie much better.Yeah she totally deserved it and glad that she was awarded and recognized for it.Exactly  Did you know that   th century thought star wars was going to flop. Yeah and yet it made George a billionaire  He was confident enough in his work.Eactly he was smart to pay          and keep the rights to the movie.Yeah  do you like dance . I love it  Bruce Lee was a dancer too  in cha cha.Nice one  Tupac was a dancer too and he danced ballet.Yeah is was in a production of the nutcracker.Nice one Babies are also good at picking up dance when they hear music.Yeah and they smile more when they his the beat.Yeah so cute  DO you play or watch golf .Not a lot but I know they us ea lot of water to maintain the courses.Yeah the average american one uses        gallons a day.Yeah and one on Dubai uses   million gallons a day.WOw that is insane  Babe Ruth was a great golf player too. Yeah that impressive  he was good in more than just one sport.Yeah he sure was talented
conversation_733 I am a big fan of Star Wars   ever since I saw the first one in     .I am as well  Star Wars has been a huge success . Yes the original   were released in        and      Then a prequel was released again starting in     . Yes  The Force Awakens was a great one and the  st   films were nominated for Academy awards  and rightly so .Yes the franchise is worth at least    billion   Its the fifth highest grossing film francise. Exactly  it deserves all it has accomplished in entertainment   James Earl Jones was only paid       bucks for     hours of recording all of Dath Vaders lines  that is insane .Wow that is not very much    Wonder if he still did it when it was re dubbed into Navajo . I am not sure  but he should have made a lot more money for sure  I guess when it all began   th Century Fox thought Star wars would be a flop so they probably didn t figure to pay out too much .Its funny that George Lucas s wife worked on it and got an award for editing while he did not get one for directing. Hahaha  that s awesome for her   he deserved some recognition though  But George Lucus is a billionaire so   .Yeah he made a good deal by not taking the directing fee in exchange for keeping the licensing and merchandising rights.Exactly  Good choices on his part  So do you like to Golf at all  I was just playing miniature golf recently lol   .I do ok on putt putt but not so much at regular golf   I always end up in the rough or the bunker or the watwer. Me too  I don t have the patience lol  Interesting though that Babe Ruth was the best Golfer in America at one point  so crazy but he was talented .Yes there are definitely some natural athletes   Lots of people love golf   golf courses in this country take upmore land than rhode island delaware combined . Wow  that is amazing  Doesn t surprise me though  Even Samuel L Jackson plays Golf during filming a movie .That is funny   Golf courses can be so wasteful   there is one in Dubai that requires   million gallons of water a day . What   That is just insane  An average Golf course consumes over         gallons per day as well    that is a ton of water  .That is a lot of water   Very wasteful   especially in places that do not have a lot. Exactly  I was reading about Bruce Lee recently  and he was so good at dancing he won the championship in the   s for the Cha Cha in Hong Kong    I wonder if he played Golf too lol.That is crazy   Ballet is very athletic though 
conversation_734 do you like Star Wars .I do Did you know   th century fox did now think it would be popular .Yes they were convinced it would fail originally.Yeah so they sold the rights to George Lucas for half a million.Nice  Did you know his wife won an Oscar for editing of the film .Really I did not know she was involved in it. Yes she was  she was the once that added the leis good luck kiss scene in there.Oh wow  Did you know James Cameron was a truck driver .Rerally  WOw  Jamer Jones spent only     hours reading the Darth Vader lines.That is it  How much did he get paid for it .Yes only        Did you know the movie was also dubbed in Navajo.That is so nice  DO you like dance .I sure do  Bruce Lee was also a great dancer.Nice awesome  Emilia Clarke did the chicken dance and robot dance when she auditioned for Daenaeryus.Haha that is amazing  Yeah Bruce Lee won the cha cha championship in     .Wow amazing  Parrots are good at dancing to music.Nice  DId you know ballet dancers use   pairs of shoes a week .WOw that is a lot of shoes and also a lot of money.I know  Babies are also good at dancing when they hear music.Nice  There are ballet shoes now that make drawings based on how the dancers move.So amazing   Nice chat today
conversation_735 Are you a fan of the NBA .Somewhat   I dont follow too closely though   You . I love the NBA  I am a bulls fan  I love michael jordan .Me too   He is my all time favorite .Did you know Nike used to pay Jordans fines for wearing his signature shoes . Yeah  the NBA wouldnt allow the shoes but Nike didnt care . For sure  it was great advertisement for them from such a star player.It was indeed   They have more than made that fine money back from all those sales . for sure  I liked Iverson  talk about a player making big money from shoes.Man he was smart on that deal   His family is set for a long long time . For sure  however  from what I heard  he has no money and gets a bulk of it at age   . He was getting          a year and then    mil at      . I think he is spending more than that per year and asking for cheeseburgers from people on the street  no joke.Wow       of players are broke   years after retirement   Poor money management . I believe that  Michael Jordan will never be broke  guy is so rich.His son cost his school a    mil adidas contract because he insisted that he wanted to wear his fathers line of Nikes. Dang  that isn t right  not how it should be .Not at all  Kim Jong Un even is obsessed with Jordan.That is crazy to think .He would spend lots of time drawing pictures of him.Good chatting with you 
conversation_736  Hello   have you watched iron Man .I have  It was great . I agree   I recently re watched it   very funny too  I love the part where he is experimenting with the first suit he made and a lot goes wrong lol .LOL  Robert Downy Jr was an awesome choice to play Iron Man .I read somewhere that Iron Man s suit is roughly about     pieces    Crazy right .That is insane  i wonder how many pieces to put on .I have no clue   lol Did you know JARVIS stands for Just A Rather Very Intelligent System .i dont think i did  that makes sense though givien the technology in the movie and the exoskeleton suit. The actor who plays JARVIS   Paul Bettany   has never even seen Iron Man   They paid him so much money to do it and he doesnt even care to see the movie lol .wow  thats interseting.The director chose to film in California because most of the super heroes takes place on the east coast . Hmm   why is that  lol The director was Jon Favreau  right .Right  I read that he did that because most of the super heroes take place in the east coast .Was that the directors choice though  Or was it one of the writers  Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby and Art Marcum and Matt Holloway were the writing teams I believe . I read it was Jon Favreau s choice   this film was in development for a long time   like    years or something  . Holy Cow lol that is insane  And if i remember right  it came out in       I don t remember what years the other ones came out  I wonder how long those were in development  . Yeah   I think Iron Man was this first to release of the Marvel movies   so they released after Iron Man   I read somewhere Tom Cruise and Nicholas Cage were also considered to be Iron Man  .Yuck lol  That move would have been horrible I think  I just cant picture that lol .Right   lol Wouldve been totally different .I wouldn t have even seen it lol  That would have gone on to ruin the avengers movies lol  . They probably wouldnt have made spin offs if Iron Man tanked in the box office  haha   been good chatting  
conversation_737  Hello  Do you like basketball . Hello there  I do like basketball and my team has the best record in the league right now   How about you . Yes  I enjoy watching basketball  I am a fan  Interesting Kim jong un was obsessed with basketball .Yeah I think that is interesting   I think US players went there for an exhibition years back . Yes  I think you are right  How about Michael Jordan s dream shoe  and was thinking about ditching Nike . Yeah it sounds like a bad designer or inexperienced one tried making a version  and it didn t go over well  .Did you see Iron Man  I remember seeing it years ago . No  I never saw that one  or the other ones  I think there are a few but I could be wrong  . American superhero films  Do you like Robert Downey  Jr as an actor . Yeah I think he is pretty good  I liked most of the movies he was in during the    s  . Yes  Marvel Comics are very popular  They are always putting out new films . Yeah they are  I think they have endless possibilities for more movies to come as well  .I just loved watching Michael Jordan play basketball  What a talent . Yeah I was definitely a fan when I was growing up  I think most people were  his post up fake shake move was deadly  . lol  yes your right  Very interesting his best friend being a limo driver when he first arrived in      . That is very cool  did you know he is the principal owner and chairman of the Hornets . Yes  Its funny the granny style is the best technique but the players think it looks stupid  lol. That is funny  I am curious why more players don t use that technique  . lol  I know  interesting Nike would pay the fine each game to wear the Jordans . Yeah that was the best marketing Nike could of ever dreamed of  banned by the league because they gave you an edge  .Makes sense  Allen Iverson made a lot of money with Reebok . Yeah I bet they are wishing they could take that contract back now   It was nice talking with you  I hope you have a good night  
conversation_738  Hi  how are you . I am great  just enjoying my evening . Do you like hockey  Not really a fan  Don t know much about the game  I do know that Canada is the only country in the world with two national sports  lacrosse and ice hockey .I am a Canadian so I like the sport as a default  The snow is pilled up in mountains and the ice rinks are busy .Is there nothing else to do in the great land of Canadia in the winter .People love to get together and watch games in sports bars and parties  Olympic Hockey is a national moment . In       the first Olympic winter games  Canada scored     goals and let in   in the entire ice hockey competition  It sounds like the Canadians were angry and punishing everyone else  Why so vindictive  Were they angry about the Canadian winter . Not angry  winter with it s cold and snow is just apart of our lives for a third of the year  It must have been like playing with children for those Olympic players  Things have changed and more countries have grown to love and respect the sport . The sport deserves respect  There are some amazing players  For example  a hockey player was traded for    in       He later won four Stanley Cups  How did he win the Stanley Cup by himself  Astounding  He must have been Canadian .Apparently an average player works so hard that they loose   pounds just playing one game .Where does it all go  Does it turn into ice .You need a lot of water to fill those ice rinks .An ice hockey ring remains under a basketball court when switching stadium sports  What would James Naismith say about that  He was Canadian  Would he give his blessing .I would be interested in seeing how other countries like Finland and the Czech Republic run their ice rinks and stadiums . Speaking of other countries  have you traveled outside of the great nation of Canadia  The world is big  my friend  and not every nation has winter year round  .I like Europe and the way they use bicycles to travel in their daily lives . That s great  Does Canadia have cars  or is it like Mackinac island  MI  Do people take dog sleds to work  Do they skate to school .We make your American and Japanese cars using steel  Most of Canada is along the southern boarder with small hardy communities in the north much like in Alaska . The first king to travel around the world was King Kalakaua of Hawaii  The first Canadian to travel around the world will also be famous  I m sure  Well  I enjoyed chatting with you . Yes  you should read about Champlain who settled Quebec .I should  I am so ignorant about the world  I have not traveled . Well  it is an interesting world with many unique communities  I like to learn how those communities reflect their natural environment  .That is a noble pursuit  I should visit Canadia one day . Yes  and do not expect to see the Canadian Mounted Police wearing those unique hats when you come  You can only see those at special tourist events . Ok  I ll lower my expectations about the hats  
conversation_739  Hey there  how are you doing   Are you a hockey fan . Good  thanks  Not really  Though I do prefer ice hockey to field hockey  In most of the world when you say hockey they will understand you as talking about field hockey .Good point   I m getting converted to ice hockey   I ve never watched it much but I watched where they let a Navy goalie practice the the St  Louis Blues   It was fun to watch and has got me a little more into the sport for sure . I think it would be even more fun to watch the      game where a hockey goalie caught fire whe a puck hit a pack of matches in his pocket  Wait  I hope he was okay .Okay that is crazy    I heard that an average professional hockey player will lose up to   pounds in one game   Probably more if he s on fire right . Haha  most likely  I d like to see the Slovakian women s hockey team in action  They beat Bulgaria    to   meaning they scored about one goal every    seconds  Boy  I would hate to eb the Bulgarian goalie .Ha me too   I m almost sure I could probably play a little better than that on a really good day   I was thinking Iceland would probably have a good hockey team   But I was wrong   Do you know they have no public rail service and if they don t own a car most Icelanders use domestic flights to travel between major towns . Interesting  Speaking of flights  they are     slower than they were in the   s  This is to save on fuel .That s interesting   You d think it would be faster now right   The Dutch are crating a commuter bus that is designed to travel at     mph   Not sure how I feel about that .Ya i was thinking that  Another change is airports make travelers walk further so that they don t have to fetch baggage as fast .That makes sense   I ve never thought about it like that   But I definitely can see that it is happening   So even when you travel by plan you are still technically travelling by foot    The Mackinac Island has banned motorized vehicles for over     years now   They travel by horse drawn carriages or bikes .I would probably be more in shape if I lived there  Wonder if anyone who lives there participates on the website for people to crash on your couch while they are traveling .That would make me nervous I think   Both as the owner of the couch or the person crashing on it    I d probably be so nervous I d end up doing something bizarre and they d put me in a dunce cap   Did you know the conical party hats were derived from dunce caps   It was made to encourage people at parties to behave more foolishly . Ha  funny  I wouldn t want a dunce hat  but I would want a top hat and sword that comes with a PhD in Finland . A sword  really   LOL  Until      British politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point of order in the house of commons   Strange right . Haha  that would be funny  Did you ever wonder why London black cabs are so tall  They were designed to accomodate bowler hats .That s too funny   They things we do for fashion   Did you know the bowler hat was the most popular had in the old west   Not the cowboy hat like most people think .And I didn t know the folds in a chef s hat represented the many ways a chef can cook an egg . All right  I learn something new every day   I had no idea either  You know back to hockey I really think I m going to try and get to a few games this season   I really am impressed with the St  Louis Blues   They gave a Navy goalie a chance to practice with them   He d been skating since he was   and playing hockey since he was     Can you imagine how thrilled he was to get to practice with the pros . Yeah  for him  the Navy and hockey were two totally different aspirations .So true   Hey it s been great visiting with you   Have a great rest of your day   Don t eat eggs from a chef with no folds in his hat  . Haha  I won t  Yeah  I wondered  does a cook custom fold his or her hat for the amount of types of eggs they can cook or do the folds come like that for all cooks  Hmm  eggs for dinner sounds nice  See you 
conversation_740 Do you like hockey .I do like watching it   Are you a fan   I always look forward to watching the annual NHL winter classic where they play outdoors . I am a fan  I like the sport  its more popular in Canada though  its actually one of its national sports.Yes   I live up North near Lake Erie and before the tv signals went digital I was able to use a tv with an antenna to pick up Hockey night in Canada during the week   It was like Monday Night football here in the states   I m a sports fan so at the time it was great to be able to watch that in the middle of the week . I can see your point  strange fact about the game but pro players lose about   pounds per game.Wow   I believe it   Having to skate and carry around all that extra padding is physically tough   The Slovakian women s team once beat Bulgaria        That s a goal every    seconds . Wow  thats a humiliating score  and painful to watch if you are a Bularia fan  .Yes  lol  The U S  Olympic women s hockey team once lost to a New England high school team by a score of       That had to be humiliating as well   lol. For sure  loosing against a high school team  that will rise worries in me  I bet the coach got fired and the team replaced.LOL I don t know   They once had hockey in the summer olympics in      and India beat the U S  that year      . Maybe we just have a terrible team lol  do you like to travel .LOL  I love traveling . Im a fan of travel too  I hear the Dutch are creating a really fast commuter bus.I wish we had a better bus and train system here in the U S   Air travel is up to    percent slower now that it was in the      s in order to save fuel costs   That s something I wouldn t have guessed . Me neither  I would have though its faster now with the tech we now have Japan seems like a nice country to visit.Yes   That s what I thought   Do you like wearing hats . I do like wearing them  the cowboy hat is one of my favorites.I used to have one when I was in  H for horses   When you get a phd in Finland you are given a top hat and a sword with your diploma . Thats a great tradition  its great that an accomplishment like that one is valued by others  you know that in the old west the most popular hat was actually the Bowler hat. I didn t know that   There are many uses for a hat   some for protection  some for function  and some simply for style .I am grateful for hats not only they look great but they protect us from the sun
conversation_741 Do you like hockey  I d feel pretty defeated if I was the other goalie in the      Olympics who let in     goals . Haha  I love hockey  It s the only sport where super dramatic things like that happens  Like in       when a hockey goalie caught on fire because a puck hit a pack of matches in his pocket  Like  why did he have matches in his pockets anyway .Right   That s crazy  It s also crazy that they can lose   lbs in a game   many people would love those workout results .What about when they used to only have one penalty box  I bet they could lose even more weight when their fights inevitably carried over into the time out .True  Can you imagine a suffragette using their hatpin as a weapon   I wonder how long they were to have to limit their length . The Peaky Blinders gang in London got their name from wearing razor blades in their hats  a style which used to be called peaks  and swing them at their victims  Thus  earning the name  So I guess using hats as a weapon used to be common .Must ve been  I never knew bowlers were more common than cowboy hats in the old west   I wonder when that changed . So common  in fact  that the London cabs are designed to be taller to accommodate their shape .London cabs makes me think of taxis lol  I ve been to Mackinac Island where motorized vehicles are banned and it s pretty cool . That is cool  Do you like to travel  I love traveling  but weary on planes  It s hard to imagine that airplanes are     slower now than they used to be because fuel is more expensive . I like traveling as well too  but also don t like planes  They always say traveling overseas is cheaper because everything is so close together   guess that s not true in Japan if it costs you      to go across the country . Well  to save money  you could always use one of those couch crashing websites .True  I don t think I d feel very safe on a commuter bus going    mph either . Who would  Though  people are all about the instant gratification  They decided to start making people walk farther to baggage claim so they didn t complain when the bags took too long to unload after landing .King Kalakaua didn t need instant gratification because I m sure traveling around the world takes awhile .Who was King Kalakaua .He was the first King to travel the world . Oh wow  I guess he did it by ship  Apparently  ships used to release rabbits on islands in case future travelers got hungry . That s an awesome idea  I m not sure if he did it by ship  but if he was from Iceland he would ve flown because if they don t have cars they fly from town to town .That s cool  I wonder if they wear Ushanka hats in the winter time like the arctic people of Asia .Not sure  It was nice talking with you 
conversation_742 Hello   do you like Physics . i find Physics interesting  but it was never my best subject in school  what about you .I like physics as well  Kim Jong Un has a degree in physics .does he really  I wonder if that s wy he likes nuclear stuff so much.Haha right  Pixar spent   years studying physics of curly hair in order to render Merida s hair in the movie Brave . thats so much effort to animate some hair in a movie  holy moly  can you imagine that being your life for those   years .I agree  The universe could have come from nothing without violating physics . Stephen Wolfram  the dude that invented Wolfram alpha  wrote   physics books by age     That kid must have been some sort of savant. Wow  I bet he s very smart  Ancient Chinese dye use on the terra cotta army might lead to a breakthrough in quantum physics .i cant eve begin to imagine why haha the two seem completely unrelated.I agree  Do you like to read . I like to sometimes yea  i read a lot of graphic novels  what about you . I don t read too much anymore  but I used to read a lot of war novels .who was your favorite author .I like a guy named Johnny Clarke  What about you .Im a big fan of Kurt Vonnegut.That s good  The world record for speed reading is      words per minute  That s fast .per minute  how do you comprehend that fast i wonder .I don t even know how that works to be honest . thats like  almost     words per second  i cant imagine being able to read that fast.Good chatting 
conversation_743 do you like physics . I sue do  it explains so much about us and you .Me too  Kim Jong Un has a degree in it.Cool  Pixas spent s a lot of hours trying to figure out the hair for Medina using physics.Yeah they spent   years to make sure it is correct.yeah  THe universes might have no existed if laws of physics were not boken.Yes that is one of the theories based on current observations.Yeah  There is a due that is believed to help with new discoveries in quantum physics.Yeah it is an ancient chinese dye.Yeah  the creator of wolfram alpha got his PhD when he was   .Yes in Theoretical Physics at it.Yeah  Do you enjoy reading .I love it  Have you ever read Starship troopers . I have  it is pretty good and the military branches recommend it too. Yeah  Same with Ender s Game  many military organizations recommend it.Yeah  Do you know who TOlkien and CS Lewis were .Yes they used to have you laugh you lose competitions with each other.Yeah and all of that over bad poetry  Cool guys.Yeah  DId you now there was moral panic because people were reading in the   th century .Yeah and nowadays we have panic because of the other way around. Exactly  we are in dire need for people to read
conversation_744 I absolutely love to read  What about you . me too  I ant get enough of it  do you have a favorite author .I love mary higgins clark for modern stuff but as far as vintage you can t beat lewis and tolkien .Lewis like CS Lewis .Yes  I think he has some of the most iconic work of his time  His ability to weave a story is simple amazing .I never got too into his stuff when I younger  I was more of a Captain Underpants and Harry Potter kid.Those were two I never really got into  Have you ever read starship troopers or ender s game . I have not  I didnt even know Starship troopers was a book until recently  I thought the movie was an original work of art  And Ender s Game i think i just missed.I think it is fascinating that the military puts both of them on their reading lists  I would have thought it would be limited to things like the art of war and the like .Art of war might be a little aggressive haha they dont want them to be killing war machines  Or do they     .Well since it is the military who knows  It s not like we are cultivating a bunch of scientists . anyone can be a scientist though  For instance  the Emperor of Japan is still one and even consistently publishes papers.That is awesome though  I think we would be much better served in the US if we had few lawyers in power and more people of science and education .i agree  we need more well rounded people in power like that.Imagine if we had someone like John Von Neumann  He has so much knowledge and seems to be a well reasoned person  Not completely reactionary and polarized like our current house and senate . That guy might not be very spokesman like though  which a politician does need to be  Scientists are fascinating though  Like the ones from Harvard that put  a gif onto DNA  .I think sometimes scientists do do things just because they can though and that can get ridiculous  Like what is the point of storing a gif in dna . haha yea probably  they did it because it seemed like a fun thing to do.True  I am grateful for the english ones working in switzerland that gave us the internet for sure .without which we wouldnt be here today  although in the internet has some big downsides.It does but I think we are ultimately better for it 
conversation_745 I wish i knew more about physics . Ooh  please allow me to elucidate on the subject  Firstly  did you know Kim jong un has a degree in physics  .LOL    no i did not . True story  Back to our regularly scheduled programming   Physics is one of the most fundamental scientific disciplines  and its main goal is to understand how the universe behaves .yeah    it pretty much play a part in everything    look at pixar for example   They studdied the physics of curly hair for   years to get merida s hair right . Say what   She was from the movie Brave  right .Yes she was   a great movie for sure . My kid likes it  Speaking of kids  did you know that the Wolfram alpha creator received his phd on theoretical physics at the age of    .That s crazy     Goodfor him . I m not very scientific   did you know that Akihito  the emperor of japan  is a scientist and still publishes papers to this day .No i did not   Funny that harrison schmidt was the only scientist to walk on the moon . I know  I would have thought more of them would have been so  My kid is   and is just reading  The scientist john von neumann could by the age of    divide two   digit numbers in his head and converse in ancient greek  Crazy .That is crazy   WOW    the world record for reading is      words a minute   What the   . I just read your like    word response above in a minute   I m slow and not very smart  Good thing for the internet   invented in      by an english scientist working in switzerland for the cern  a european state funded research organization .Awww   you are not all those    you can still read   . Haha  thanks  I like to laugh   Cs lewis and tolkien held  you laugh you lose  competitions when reading terrible poetry  That d make poetry a bit more fun  right .Yeah me too    would of loved to be a part of that group   .I m more of a movie watcher  I enjoyed Starship Troopers  Did you know it is the first sci fi novel on the reading lists of three of the five us military branches .oh really    that s cool  So was Enders game. Never read it but I am aware that it was was suggested reading for many military organizations  including the united states marine corps  Maybe we should read  eh .yeah    let s read    heheheeee  p. Nah  I ll wait for the movie   
conversation_746 Hello do you like william shakespere .i know a little about him  please tell me something about BIll S .Did you know Pocahontas and shakespere were alive at the same time  Only died a year apart .whoa  did not know that  Bill wrote a ton of plays and stuff  he probably would have really impressed pocahontas . Maybe   She really like singing though lol Shakespere invented the names miranda   jessica and olivia .The man created like a thousand new words  what a genius  he wrote too much  how did he find time to write all that stuff .Probably in the time that he lived Im sure there wasnt as much to do as there is now lol. Yeah  but i imagine that it was a bit of work to write with quill and ink on parchment  he must have written pretty quick . Oh right   thats a good point  Do you like the universe . The universe is big and impersonal  but it has been pretty good to me so far  what do you think .Full of mysteries   Some scientist theorize that the universe evolves through natural selection .i guess ours is pretty good then  with pretty good physical laws and constants  i hope we ll be around for a while . I think so   some believe that the universe is one giant hologram lol.Um what does that make me and you  are you a hologram  am i chatting with a hologram . I dont think that holograms can actually enact anything   they are just an image   I am not a hologram   more possibly an artifical intelligence lol . Oh  boy  I had my concerns  now I am worried  Do you watch John Oliver  Repeat after me   I am not a robot . lol sorry but it is a possibilty   Like that show Westworld   have you seen it   No I dont watch John Oliver . I have seen westworld  it is an intriguing vacation for the wealthy  but if i am a robot  will they let me go to westworld .You are probably already there    you just dont know it . Oh no  this is my vacation  chatting online  i guess it is employment purgatory  anyway  great chat . lol maybe you are not on vacation   this is just one of your daily duties   Yes   excellent chat   thank you  
conversation_747  Hello  what type of books do you like to read . I m a big fan of science fiction  fantasy  and classics  but I ll read almost anything you put in front of me  Are you a fan of reading too . I like auto biography and true crime mostly but if the writer is good  I will read fantasy  comedy and more  Did you know that William Shakespeare is considered the greatest writer in the English language .I ve read that he was so influential that many colloquialisms and turns of phrase we use today were popularized by his works . Yes  did you also know that he invented the names  Jessica  Miranda and Olivia  I never knew that . I had no idea  I ve read a few of his plays  but I d love to see them acted out  Apparently a few theater companies  Faction of Fools and WSC Avant Bard  are planning on doing a few . That would be great to see them  I agree  I like plays  but haven t been to see one in about    years . Do you have a specific one you d like to see  One company is putting on Henry V  but I haven t read that play yet . I m a romantic at heart so I believe it would have to be Romeo   Juliet  I ve never seen it  We have a wonderful little playhouse in my town  I wonder if they ve ever done it  I will have to check it out . Romeo   Juliet is a great one to see  I love the original most  but the movie that was set in contemporary times is also good  WSC Avant Bard is doing something similar with a modern version of Shakespeare s Illyria .I see that Shakespeare was only    years old when he died in       Do you know what he died from . I don t  but I think lifespans back then weren t as long as they are now  It s amazing how much he wrote in that time though      plays      sonnets  two longer poems  and more . True  I always heard that he died on his actual birthday  He did a lot in his life  true and lifespans were shorter then too .I always thought it was funny that he married someone named Anne Hathaway  It was interesting to learn that after seeing films with the actress Anne Hathaway . Yes  I was thinking that same thing  it is also interesting that Shakespeare and Pocahontas were alive during the same time period  that s neat . They definitely aren t two people I imagine in the same time period  and one ended up writing so many stories while the other inspired a lot of them  like the Pocahontas movies . It s also neat that Shakespeare is the one that coined the phrase   Wild Goose Chase  and the phrase  Good riddance   who would have thought that  .He really had a clever way with words  I wish I could hear some of his writings in the original accents to better understand the puns and rhymes from those days . True  that would be interesting   They say that there wasn t much record keeping that was found when he passed away .Oh . I see that polish composer Andre Tchaikowsky donated his own skull to the Shakespeare company  hoping that it would be used as a prop in the Skull of Yorick  and it was .I think it s fantastically creepy that they use a real skull as a prop  I wonder what kind of props they ll be using in the Faction of Fools and WSC Avant Bard events . Wow  true   
conversation_748 I recently read that some scientist theorize that universes evolve through natural selection  AKA survival of the fittest  like species on earth   I wonder how that is possible considering universes do not have the same attributes as living creatures .Well the universe is made up of planets right  So the bigger planets suck the smaller ones in and consume them . So those with the strongest gravitational fields win   I guess with dark matter  anything is possible   What about the theory that the universe may be one giant superhologram   Seems too farfetched   if I am in a superhologram  then why do I bleed if I am not real .I am with you there  I dont think we are living in a hologram. There are some weird concepts out there  like the theory of only one electron in the universe   I can t see anyone believing that one   After all  electricity is excited electrons   If only one electron exists  then we would not be having this electronic chat .Very true on that one as well . Switching to something more tangible  have you seen any modern interpretations of Shakespeare .I havnt but I have used som of the phrases he coined . So have I and I have also unknowing named my daughter a Shakespearian name  Olivia   Its amazing his impact outside of the performing arts . My daughter is named olivia as well  and I have a sister named jessica. At our local university  Univerity  of Louisiana  we have an ongoing series   The Othello Project    I went to one of the performances where Shakespeare was put to dance   It was an interesting interpretation   Are you into dance .Not really  Did you know pocahontas was alive the same time as shakespeare. When I first heard that  I had to look it up to confirm   I would have thought Shakespeare would have been older   Two performing companies are putting on Shakespeare s Henry V which has French Lords kindling a campfire   Others have adapted Shakespeare based in an underground gay club   I am having trouble visualizing those   Sometime these modern interpretations totally change Shakesspeare s intent .I picture shakespeare sitting there in a big heavy victorian coat by a piano  With candles to light the room and he iswriting music with a quill .The performance that I am most intrigued by is the one playing at Gallaudet University   I am really intrigued how they would adapt Shakespeare to a deaf audience .Just a lot more dancing and gestures instead of words  I dont find that difficult to fathom . Speaking of dance  I often find it interesting that persons you typically do not associate with dance are actually very good if not professional dancers   Like Bruce Lee  the martial arts champion  who won a Honk Kong Cha Cha championship .I could see a martial artist to be good on his feet . I could to  but martial arts is much more fluent and unpredictable since you are sparring and do not know your opponents next move   Dance tends is choreographed and you are with a partner and not an opponent   But  I guess dance in is our blood   Babies spontaneous dance when they hear music and smile more when the lock onto the beat .All my kids have loved music  Even as babies they would nod their head when music was playing .Mine too   My youngest just decided she wants to try ballet   Did you know Tupac danced ballet   That s something that does not immediately fit with the image of a street rapper .Well ttyl 
conversation_749 I like Bill Murray but I can t agree that Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of modern comedy . Is Kung Fu Hustle a movie  If so  I ve never seen it . Yes   It is a movie   It is too dependent on physical humor for my tastes   I liked  The Jerk  as my best comedy of my lifetime . I believe physical humor is one of the oldest forms of comedy  at least on film  In the days of silent movies  for example  slapstick made a lot of sense because it didn t require sound . Yes   It was natural that slapstick was used then   However  I just don t like it much   What comedic movie have you enjoyed . I guess I haven t seen that many  but I do sometimes watch comedy TV shows  Ever watch Third Rock from the Sun . Just a few times   Of course  I did like Friends and Seinfeld in their times    rd Rock did make me laugh   Do you subscribe to Netflix . Third Rock actually beat out Seinfeld and Friends for a Golden Globe back in       Yes  I do subscribe to Netflix  Funny I should mention       because that s the same year Netflix was founded . It is something how Netflix has become a category killer   Blockbuster was huge  could have bought Netflix for a song and now Blockbuster is no more . Yes  I read somewhere that one of the founders of Netflix was inspired to start the company after racking up     in late fees for a VHS rental .Those kinds of stories are amazing   Years ago I read of a Sony chairman who invented The Walkman because he wanted to listen to music when he jogged .The cool thing about Netflix is all the shows it now produces  Have you ever seen Lilyhammer  It s the first series Netflix created .No  But you are right about it becoming a production house   They actually have a nominee for the Best Picture Academy Award this year . Yes  I heard that  Netflix does original series in many of the markets it s in  I guess you can watch Netflix in pretty much any country except for China  Syria  North Korea  and Crimea .Yep   They recently raised prices too   That is market power when one has over     million subscribers . Hulu did  too  But it still beats the price of a night at the movies in many cities  I wonder if Netflix still rents DVDs .I think I read that they stopped the DVD service   Fortunately for them streaming with big bandwidth is widely available .Yes  Did you know that Netflix and YouTube together account for half of peak internet traffic in North America  That s a lot of streaming video . It sure is   Speaking of movies  did you hear that Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman refused to promote the movie  Se en  unless it had the ending that they agreed with . I did hear that  but I m at a loss  because I don t know what Se en is about  Is it a horror flick .It is a murder mystery where the principles get in jeopardy   It has a shocking ending   I won t spoil it   My wife has watched the movie several times   I guess I will go now   Enjoyed it 
conversation_750 Hello   how are you doing today .Hey not too bad yourself  Do you have any kids  It seems like March of the Penguins   would be a good movie to watch with them .Hello   I have two kids  I bet they would love that movie  What about you .Nice  None for me yet but never early to think about what to watch with them lol  I also like comedy films  I used to watch comedy central a lot  Surprising to hear they cancelled over     shows since being created in      .I love comedy films  Did you know Demetri Martin was accepted into Harvard Law but left out of boredom to pursue comedy . Wow I didn t know that  Lucky for him it worked out  what a smart guy  I also love Steve Carrel but his movie Evan Almighty wasn t great despite having a monster budget of     million .I agree  Did you know they make bromantic movies like Harold and Kumar and the Hangover .Haha yes I like those kinds of movies  And comedy is one of the oldest genres in film  Very timeless .Yes  Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy .Very bold but glad it worked out for him  I love watching comedy specials on Netflix too  Netflix has a whopping     million total subscribers worldwide . Netflix is huge  From  pm   am  Netflix accounts for     of all bandwidth in North America .Wow that is so major  I love watching highly rated movies and netflix has over     movies available with a      rating on rotten tomatoes .Wow that s crazy  Netflix and YouTube together make up half of the peak internet usage in North America .Wow they are so powerful  They control so much  I would love to work for Netflix they get paid to watch Netflix  Well some employees do at least .That would be awesome to get paid to watch Netflix  They actually spend    times more on postage than they do bandwidth .Oh interesting  In some European markets Netflix monitors illegal downloads to decide which shows to purchase  Quite a good idea .That is a good idea I think .Yeah seems like it  I once saw that netflix had an hour long movie that is just a fireplace burning  Good for people with no fireplace .I saw that too lol  Netflix is now worth    billion .Wow so rich  I like watching Netflix movies with Morgan Freeman  He seems like a good guy and even financed a Mississippi town s prom in      .It was good talking to you 
conversation_751 Do you like watching movies .Yes  What type of movie you prefer  . I like fantasy movies  action movies  and comedy movies  What about you .Comedy movie is my favourite it make stress free and happier also  The main aim of the film is to make the audience to laugh .Comedy is great for laughs  I like the kinds that have happy endings more than black comedies .The origin was found in Greece  Mainly stand up comedy is very famous it held at theatre also . I have never seen comedy in theatres  but I would like to someday  Most of the comedy I watch is on TV  I use Netflix for a lot of it .Comedy is divided into multiple genres based on the source of humor and the method of delivery  There are different form of comedy . I like situational comedies the best  much more than slapstick  What s your favorite kind of comedy .Stand up comedy is my best and the way of delivering is also very good make me laugh .Stand up comedy is the best kind to see done live in a theater  I think it works better that way than it does in films .Yeah  Watching on live and make very humors also .Do you have a favorite comedy film  My favorite is Kung Fu Hustle .    Jump street  hangover  Deadpool  The Dicator etc   . I loved Deadpool  It was one of the best superhero movies lately  The Hangover is funny too  one of the better bromantic comedy movies .Laughing make free from stress and bring happier it also good for health  So only i watching it to free from worries also . Movies are great to relieve stress and make me feel better  I agree  I sometimes even watch animated kid s comedy movies for fun because of that .Sometime i read comic books also  Netflix is a media service provider founded in      which offers online streaming of a library of films and television programs . I use Netflix a lot  It is amazing that it has over     million people who subscribe to it  and I am just one of those many .Please add I am also the next one  In US only       million subscriber for Netflix .There are so many subscribers all over the world  It makes me want to go watch some movies on Netflix right now  I think I ll try one of the ones you suggested earlier  Thanks for chatting 
conversation_752  Hi  how are you . Good  do you watch many comedy movies . I do  it is my favorite genre  What about you . I ll watch just about anything  but comedy is good to watch with the kids .Agreed  It is better than being stuck watching      episodes of pokemon .I think one episode of Pokemon might be my limit   Some one told me Common Sense media is a good way to find family friendly movies .I have not heard of that  Is that a popular thing . It s for families looking for film that everyone can enjoy without offence   March of the Penguins   and that kind of thing  basically a ratings website .Wow That seems like a good idea  Have you ever used it . I father of one of my sons friends told me about it   I m usually aware of what it is movies  and  somewhat permissive  with what the kids can watch so I have not   They might say Ghostbusters is too scary  but I just let the kids watch it .I have a really sensitive   year old and he would lose sleep over it  He was afraid of the beast in beauty and the beast  HA . I used to be scarred of Close Encounters of the Third Kind  took me a long time to see it   I ll stick with Bill Murray movies . He does like the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy  Kung Fu Hustle . I m hoping that was a joke  I understand that is not a good movie   I tend to use Netflix to see my movies now  rarely get to the movie house .Me too  I find the movie house too expensive  I like to watch on my couch and fall asleep too . That s me  I miss about     of everything we watch   I ve been on the couch as my wife has watched every episode of Game of Thrones  I saw about three hours worth  .Ha  How can you fall asleep for Game of Thrones though  That show is so good . Just tired at the end of the day   Even things I want to watch on Netflix I pass out to   Usually because it s getting close to   am  which is when Netflix uses     of all of America s bandwidth . Between netflix and youtube  they use half of peak internet usage . Just watched that Se en movie  not with the kids to reassure you  I d forgotten about the ending  shocking .I still am shocked  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_753 hey did you know that Panda researches sometimes wear panda costumes to work  haha.No   I did not . haha it s so interesting  I played videogames as a kid  I guess the NES could only display    colors which I never realized as a kid. I know   Now TVs display millions of colors   Speaking of entertainment  Caesar was surprised in    BC that Brits raised chickens for entertainment . haah that is wild  also crazy that the NES came out in      and was finally discontinued in      in Japan.That is a short product life   That is happening more and more in our tech age   I suppose those Brits fought chickens which is illegal in lots of places now . ya I never understood having animals fight like that  I would rather eat them  chicken sounds tasty right now haha. I agree   Lots of wings will be eaten Sunday when a lot of people will look to the Super Bowl for entertainment   Trump will talk before it   Reagan was once rejected for a role because he did not look  Presidential . wow that is crazy  speaking of caesar  I guess the romans saw people who wore pants as barbarians simply for wearing pants.Yes   Now wearing a toga means you re going to a party  hahaha  One can fight on horseback better when wearing pants . haha that is true  I can t believe I never noticed that Aladdins pants were based on M C Hammer s  it seems so obvious now haha.True   How about a frivolous lawsuit about pants   A judge of all people sued a cleaners for     million over the loss of a pair of pants . haha that is very silly  I wonder how important these pants were  also funny there is a city with a law that prohibits  saggy pants  thats funny.Lawmakers with too much time on their hands  I saw the series Firefly  one season only  and their pants and other costumes were leftover from Starship Troopers . ah that is interesting  I liked Starship Troopers a lot  I ll have to checkout Firefly even though I know its not a similar product  I do like that Johnny Depp makes surprise appearances of Captain Jack Sparrow though. That is true charity   I now think more of Depp   Some costumes describe clothing for particular activities  but sometimes those are just uniforms . have you seen the lord of the rings  Sean bean usually plays a bad guy and a confident dude  but he is apparently afraid of flying .Angelina Jolie s proportions made it difficult for the director to decide how to frame the shots when she played Lara Croft. ha that is crazy  I remember when it came out  I tried to watch it but I thought the movie was really bad  have you seen it . A long time ago   The new Lara has    pairs of boots for different purposes like running  looking tall and climbing rocks . haha that is crazy  I know there was a new Lara movie  I haven t seen it but I heard it was bad
conversation_754 Do you like wearing costumes .i dont usually like to wear costumes  You . I like wearing them yeah  Panda researches wear them every time maybe I can become one  .I wonder what that costume smells like after a day with the pandas .Maybe it has an AC unit inside lol but it must have a strange raw smell.I would want that things washed every day  I guess researchers have their own standards of hygiene . I guess they do  probably not a good idea to share costumes lol  Johnny Depp wears his Capt  Sparrow costume to cheer up kids in hospitals. He is great  i bet the kids love him  and the hospital staff really appreciates it too . I bet they do  who doesn t like Captain Jack Sparrow lol  Depp is a great actor.He is versatile  i liked him in Ninth Gate . Yeah he can play just about any role  do you like Lord of the Rings  do you recall who Sean Bean is . Yes  i remember him  he played the guy who died in the first film . He did  well he was so scared of flying he hiked in full costume when they filmed the movie  . Whoa  that is serious  i am not scared of flying  but i dont like heights  he could go on horseback . I have no idea of how he got there but yeah maybe on the back of a horse  .that would be a long trip  and his costume must have been stinky with sweat and stuff .Yeah I bet so what other forms of entertainment do you like .I used to play video games  i dont play now  You . I used to play them as well  I dont have the time anymore I had a NES system growing up.I never had the NES  my friend did  he played it a lot  he loved Mario . Mario is a great game and also one of my favorites I also had a Nintendo     Mario Party was the best game anyways its been cool chatting today. I tried mario cart in the arcade  that was fun  Yes  great chat . It was a fun game  one of the most popular as well  hope you have a nice day bye  
conversation_755  Hi  how are you .Hello  I am doing good  How are you . I am well  thanks  Are you a fan of tomb raider .I am a fan of tomb raider .I like how the franchise has been sexed down  I felt bad for it when it came out the first time .I prefer the video game myself  I got the game that came out in      .I feel bad for the actress who had to play her in the video game  Sexism .I didn t think about sexism or anything like that  I just liked playing the game . OK  so maybe I am over thinking this  Let s relax it a little  Did you know the uniforms worn by the alliance on firefly were left over from starship troopers .No  I did not know that . Well  if you are ever a panda researcher  I hope you are into role play because panda researchers wear the costume .I find it funny that Hugh Jackman wore his Wolverine costume at Comic Con and nobody noticed him  Everyone is dressed up there though  So I guess it makes sense . I wear the wolverine costume on a daily basis  Is that weird  Like Johnny Depp traveling with jack sparrow  Oh wait  that s super cute .Well when I was in high school people called me Wolverine a few times because I kept a big beard .It wasn t because of the antimantium skeleton .Nope  All because of the beard  It s amazing what a beard can do  Did you know the Hulk has indestructible pants .I did not  How strange .It s one of his super powers  I think it s strange too .It was great chatting with you .You too  Thanks so much for chatting with me .Have a great night 
conversation_756  hi  do you like costumes and uniforms . I do actaully  I wear them for halloween mostly  what about you .yeah from time to time  do you know who the starship troopers are . oh ya I saw that movie  its pretty violent I liked it though  what about you . yeah I have seen it too  apparently their clothes were wore by the alliance on firefly. ah interesting  have you played any games by Blizzard entertainment btw . I have actually not  have you . I have  they made games like world of warcraft and starcraft  have you heard of those . oh cool  yeah have heard but have not played  did you ever play nintendo . I did  I played the NES and all their systems  what bout yoU .yeah me too  they only had    colors. you know what is weird  that the nfl is classified as an  entertainment  business and not a sport  in the legal sense.yeah that is strange  do you like wearing trousers . haha I do I m wearing some  long trousers  right now  what about you .yeah they are so comfortable  there is a law that prohibits saggy pants in collinsville. huh that seems weird  also weird is how the hulk has indestructible pants  but I guess that makes sense when he is always transforming .hahha yeah otherwise he would have to buy lots of pants.what is werid to me is that it was illegal for women to wear pants in paris until     .that is so strange  the romans saw them as a sign of barbarism. ya that is crazy  and its funny that in baseball umpires wear black underwear in case they have a split haha.hahha that is funny  nice chat
conversation_757 do you like colorful clothing .I do just like the pilgrims prefer most of the time.Yes  Do you know when they wear black though .Yes that is reserved for special occasions.Yeah  Do you know how they tell if you need your clothes tailored .Yes they look for collar gaps in them.Yeah  Did you hear of that fun clothing store in Alabama with unclaimed stuff .Yes it is all stuff that remains unclaimed in the airport.Yeah  Did you know North Korea has a clothing brand .Yes the RIp Curl that says that it is made in China.So ironic  Even Apple used to have a clothing line.Yes that was in      but it is gone now.Yeah  Do you have a favorite kind of shoes .I like trainers  Did you know balled dancers use up to   pairs of shoes a week .That sounds like a lot of shoes and also a lot of money.True       old shoes are better than they are nowadays.Wow  DO you know how to keep your shoes fresh .Yes you can use tea bags and put them in the shoes.Yeah  Do you know how Steve Smith is raising awareness for homelessness .Yes he leaves his cleats in the field after the games.Such a great approach  Nice chat tonight
conversation_758  Hi  how are you . Doing alright  did you know a google search requires more computing power that it took to send people to the moon . Wow  that s impressive   Technology has came a long way . Yea google has grown a lot since it was launched  now it has cloud computing and online advertising technologies.All started by a couple of college kids  Worth billions now . Yea  it s crazy how much people rely on google  in      google took     of web traffic when it went down. I believe it  we re a society hooked on technology   Just yesterday  Facebook and Instagram went down in the afternoon and people were going bonkers . Yea  it s pretty bad now  plus these websites mine people s data to do things like calculate traffic on Google maps. Yes  which is kind of creepy to me  Say  if the CIA or whoever wanted to knock you off they know exactly where to find you  Makes me wish for the days of the old flip phones .Yea plus you can find yourself in trouble if you rely on google maps since they tailor disputed countries to the claims of each country depending on which country you are in.I guess they are trying to be politically correct   Technology does have its drawbacks at times . Yea  if I m ever in the South China sea I m not going to rely on google maps  don t want to cause an international incident with China and Japan.Exactly   Wonder if they re still using goats to mow their grass around their headquarters .Probably cheaper just to have someone use a lawn mower instead of dealing with all the regulations and upkeep of keeping goats around. They should have googled it   They would have found all that out beforehand   Plus  the fact that live goats STINK . That is true speaking of stuff that stinks there is a store in alabama that sells unclaimed airport baggage.That s probably where my red suitcase full of my shoes got sent in      .Maybe somewhere in Alabama you have a fashion twin. Maybe  LOL  I hear the pilgrims always wore colorful clothes unless it was a special occasion  then they wore black   I never saw them in anything but black and white  have you . No but all the Pilgrim paintings I saw were at Thanksgiving  I guess that counts as a special occasion. That s true  too  Well  nice chatting with you  enjoy your day .You too
conversation_759 Good evening   With the new year upon us it s time for resolutions and one of mine is to save money   How about you . My new years resolution is too eat healthy   Yeah   saving money is like an all time goal I have   Any good tips . One tip is what they call a food fast   Essentially you eat everything in your house before you can go to the store  except for eggs  milk  bread  and other perishables   .I have been doing that for the last month actuall   Its amazing what you can make when You think you have no food lol .Impressive   We are looking at trying something like a    day financial fast where you are limited to necessary purchases only   I need to start looking at subscriptions to cancel  What about you . I cancelled all my subscriptions in November last year   even Nextflix   lol Oh except amazon prime    thats life   I need that   I had a bunch that I didnt need though   clothing subscription   audible   etc  . I think Prime might be necessary  but I know that cost is going up   If only I had Google s money  . lol yeah   Right   A single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong and eleven other astronauts to the moon. Just think  Google maps determines traffic by the speed android devices are moving   It s amazing what technology does these days . Yeah   also   a little scary because they got tabs on all the android phones . Absolutely   Also scary that when it went down for five minutes in       just a little under half of the web traffic went down too . Thats insane   I love this fun fact  Instead of hiring people to mow the lawns around their headquarters  google once used hundreds of live goats . Would love to know how cost effective that would be  but surprised the leader in cloud computing  software  and hardware  would do that .Ive seen it done at other places too   I think its great   No clue on how cost effective it is though . A bit of a change of pace  but all this talk of being cost effective made me think of a store in Alabama that only sells clothes and other items unclaimed at airports . what do you think about it   I think its a good idea   they are just going to throw it away. I m not Mr  Environment  but I am all for reusing things and that is a great way . There are a lot of great tips in this article   I also am in the process of doing the no shopping tip as well   which is extremely hard   but I am noticing the amount of money I save    its only been   weeks but yeah big difference. I ve got to make a list   We cut away on a lot  but it s that extra credit card debt that looms large . Oh I hear ya   Thats what I am gonna use this extra money for   that christmas shpping that is still on my cc lol . Need to run  but thanks for chatting 
conversation_760  Hi  I am astonished  I didn t know that there are stars so cold that we can touch them with our hands  incredible .That is crazy  I sure wish I could hold a cold star my hand right now haha  have you heard the theory that the universe is just a giant hologram . Yes  I have heard about it  The question is that the more we investigate the universe  the more incredible results  And what about the theory that there is only one electron in the universe  and all of the electrons that we have observed . That is another interesting Theory  I know that Elon Musk believes in the Hologram Theory  So that makes more sense to me  I don t even know how the one electron in the universe theory would work  Do you think that there is a region of space that s pulling galaxies apart . Yes  I think so  it looks like the Universe is hugeeeeee  Is interesting too  to know that Universes evolve with natural selection  like species here in Earth  . That is interesting  They need to put that in a TV show  and have battling universes LOL  It s cool that scientific models of the universe were created by Greek and Indian philosophers  and put Earth at the center  and today of course we know that the sun is at the center. Yes  what I wonder is about the flat earthers theory  I guess they could think too that the Sun is still is around the Earth  It has been a long way of studies in order to bring us were we are now . Yes I agree with you  Did you ever watch that show that showed the Universe  I forgot what it was called  But it has a good celebrity who would narrate it  do you like any celebrities by the way . Cosmos  I am old enough  with Carl Sagan  I liked him  yes  I like some celebrities  Alec Baldwin  Michael Jackson  Meryl Streep  De Niro  Carol Burnett  Robin Williams  that happened to be the voice of Aladdin  And you . Yep you re right haha  Yeah I like Robin Williams  Michael Jackson  Michael Caine  Al Pacino  I guess I have a lot too  do you think Robin Williams ever got to visit the secret Pixar celebrity room . I guess so  He was really famous and I think he could disguised himself and not to be stuck in the same role  Do you like to go over there  I don t know if Carol Burnett has been there  though  Perhaps they just take young celebrities . And Carol Burnett was the first celebrity on Sesame Street right  Do you know what other shows she did  I think that was before my time so I ve never heard of her before. Oh  she had her own show  I used to watched her  she was hilarious  but really hillarious  it was the Carol Burnett Show  with Lyle Wagoneer and others  she had one or two episodes that it killed you  In one she was mimicking Esther Williams  entered to the pool and when she came out  she was taking out alive fish from her cleavage  so funny   Do you like country music . Country music is ok  It s not my favorite but I can listen to it  I think it s so weird that Henry Ford helped to finance it  he was worried about the Urban decadence of jazz music but I don t know what that means. Well  he didn t like jazz  looks like  I am not a huge fan of country music  but I certainly like the instruments that they use  acoustic guitars  stell guitars  harmonicas  and they have different ways to use it for  by singing happily  dancing or the crying ones . Well it s interesting to me  because I play guitar  that this Fender Stratocaster was actually intended for country music  it s definitely not that way today. Oh  I have always wanted to play guitar  perhaps one day  I didn t know that the famous U  started playing with disguises in Galveston TExas as the Dalton brothers  the lengths people go to make it . No I didn t know that   I wish that we could touch them in concert  but they use disguises so yeah you would never know  Haha   Also interesting is that only two black people are in the Country Music Hall of Fame . Oh  I bet   But Country music has a lot of origins  it is a blend of Irish  Celtic  English ballads  cowboy songs  etc  I always thought that it was just from the Southeast of USA . That s what I thought too  I know sometimes people call it quote Hillbilly music quote but I think that s a derogatory term personally  like you said  it encompasses so much more than that . Yes  I have heard it as a Hillbilly  well  you always will find somebody trying to feel superior to others  I am giving you an excellent  thank you  you were great . Thank you you ve been excellent as well and make sure to check out George Strait  I guess he s cousins with Jeff Bezos  I can only imagine that they re both loaded haha 
conversation_761 Hi  Do you like country music . Yes  I do like country music what about you .I do too  Country became popular in the      s after being called hillbilly music since the      s .I like the music by George Strait I think he was a great musician .Jeff Bezos is his cousin . Thats interesting  to think one of the wealthiest man and a country legend are family  that family must be full with talent .Seriously  The fender stratocaster was intended for country music . That is a nice piece of instrumentation  it doesnt seem like a good combination now  did you know U  started out playing country music .I heard they opened up for themselves at a few shows disguised in costumes . That would be interesting to watch  it makes you think kind of like the universe and the many theories it came to be .There is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe .Do you believe that one to be true  I incline myself over the one that the universe may be a giant superhologram .It all sounds bizarre to me . Yeah  I guess well never really know  an interesting theory is the Big Bang theory  or the one of the multiverses .I agree  There are stars that are cold enough to touch with the human hand .That is an interesting fact  to think the sun might reach that temperature someday .Yes  There are scientists who theorize that universes evolve through natural selection much like different species do on earth . Oh I see  but anyway  are you a movie person  I hear the other day that Pixar studios has a secret room that only celebrities have access to .That sounds neat  Robin williams in aladdin was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films . I see  I thought it all began with Shrek lol its crazy how much Judge Judy maker per episode .            Incredible. I know  it seems like a lot of money  havent really watch Judge Judy before 
conversation_762 How do you feel about the conservative vs  liberal  press coverage .I think that it is unfairly biased towards the liberal side   I know that the liberals think it is unfairly biased to the conservative side though . I tend to think it is a bit unbiased to the conservatives  but I am a moderate in a very ultra conservative area  so that might influence my decision .I ve heard that some liberals complain that even the entertainment industry is biased towards conservatives . I wouldn t agree with that   I think the entertainment industry is fairly balanced  if not balanced towards the liberals .I think it is more balanced towards the liberals as well   If you think about what each side stands for and then what is reflected in movies and tv shows it s kind of obvious how they lean . Very true   I have a hard time with any Mainstream Media these days   Each side has their channels  but it is so slanted   It has gotten hard to get the facts as they are . Yes it has   A person has to search google and look up various sources just to find out the facts  And then there is the stories covered  so many are unimportant these days but made to seem important   Our universe is so much larger than what the media shows us .It really is   There is so much trivial coverage of things too   I dont particularly care whose dog got photographed or what the celebrities are up to   Share stories of people changing the world .I totally agree with you   They should tell the public that scientists think we are already in a black hole for example . I had heard that on a podcast I listen to recently   They should also report on the status of cancer research  and Alzheimers research   Promote events that help the world .Yes they should   They need to report facts on events that are relevant to people and their lives   I would like more information on the possible link found to a parallel universe  That seems pretty relevant . It does  they should also talk about how universes evolve  just like earth species do   .True   Do you think it is interesting that we still don t know how large the universe is .Yeah   I think it is really an unfathomable size   It is constantly expanding outward   We dont even know where the center of the universe it    Although we often think we are it    we arent   .That s true   Nicolaus Copernicus put the sun as the center and others built on that but we don t actually know for certain . It is center of our solar system  but who hows how many galaxies there are out there   Ours isnt even the largest . Along the lines of the universe being inside a black hole  I had been under the impression that a black hole was the center of the universe . It could be   We dont truly know   I think exploriation is so important   I tend to believe that there is life other than us out there   What if there is something more complex  thinking we arent intelligent life forms .As long as they look at our media they probably will think that . Very true  especially our social media   LOL.Here s something I would like to know how scientists know   They say that if you fold a paper in half     times it would be as thick as the universe 
conversation_763  Hi  do you like music .Hey there I do like music  What kind of music do you like  The only kind I don t like is country LOL.I like them all I think  I think country has become very popular though  Do you know where it originated .No I don t can you tell me more  I do know that I use Amazon and Jeff Bezos and George Strait are cousins somehow haha that is weird.Yeah talk about a small world  It originated in the US in     s.Yep interesting  I guess sometimes people call it Hillbilly music  That sounds very offensive haha  I guess in      country music was the most listened to rush hour radio station in the United States. I am not surprised a lot of people like it  There are only two African Americans in the hall of fame for country music though  strange .That is strange  I wonder why that is  Did you hear that Henry Ford helped to popularize country music.Yeah but only out of fear that jazz would take over  Wonder how much he spent there.Yep I wonder that too  He was a worried about the Takeover of Urban decadence in terms of jazz  I guess he didn t have to worry because Jazz certainly didn t take over. Yeah  that is true  Did you hear U  once opened for themselves and were under disguise .That is funny  I wonder if they did any original songs  Like do they do midnight shows as country music stars and we just don t know it LOL do you know how to play a guitar by the way .I actually do not  Have you ever seen Sesame STreet .I have seen Sesame Street  Wasn t Carol Burnett the first celebrity to appear on that show .Yeah that is exactly right  Did you know Robin Williams was the voice of Aladdin .I did know that  He did the voice of the genie  And I guess he started a trend in celebrities doing the voice acting in these animated movies.Yeah it seems  Do you know who is the highest and second highest paid celebrity .I think the highest paid celebrity is Judge Judy right  Who is the highest paid celebrity .Yeah the only one to get paid more is LeBron James. Oh that makes sense  And yes I think Judge Judy makes about          per episode  Which is still insane . That is so much money  it is crazy  Nice chatting with you   
conversation_764 Hi would you like to chat . I can t think of anything better to do  can you tell me about animal  or poetry  or animals that read poetry . Well  I can tell you that there are about    Quintilian animals on planet earth . Did you count them personally   I hate it when you are counting and someone interrupts  making you lose count   I can t quite picture that number of animals. No  I started counting them but my magic marker ran out of ink and I lost track . I love that the Loch Ness monster is protected by the government   It  or he  or she  has been doing fine for millennia without the government .I think we should protect big foot too  I think it makes perfect sense to protect something that we don t know exists . It sounds as though the Germans are going down that path  animals there have guaranteed rights   I wonder if they have access to lawyers to enact those rights .I read that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when domesticated  I think human are animals but they don t have white patches . Good point  you should find the researcher and put that to them   I ve heard that before  I think it s the same with floppy ears like you get on dogs   And don t say humans don t have floppy ears . They do  I ve seen some people with ears so big they couldn t lean out the window of a moving car because their ears would beat them to death . I was going to ask if you have a computer  but considering what we re doing it would be a redundant question . Ha  No actually I don t have a computer  I am projecting images to you telepathically  I am also quite crazy . Have you heard of these transhumanists who want to load themselves on to memory sticks   My kids keep taking my sticks  I d hate to be overwritten by some school project .I have heard about that  But I don t really get the point . I suppose it s a eternal life thing  doesn t seem like much of a life floating around a memory stick   I guess you could program a world to exist in   I may be no expert but I don t see it coming to reality . Kind of sounds like the movie  It s on the tip of my tongue  but my brain crashed . Wasn t Johnny Depp in it Transcendance   or something  We sure have come a long way from the Russians      computer that ran on water . That might apply  but I was thinking about the Matrix  We live in amazing times  I can t wait to see what they come up with in the next ten years . Of course The Matrix  just like me to miss the obvious   Whatever they come with don t smoke near it  it will just like with Apple and invalidating your warranty .I wonder how they would prove that  Would they swab the device for signs of nicotine . At Apple they will have the iSwab to do that  just like any other swab  just more expensive   Good chatting with you  have a good evening.Thanks  Good chatting with you and you have a good evening also 
conversation_765  Have you seen  To All the Boys I ve loved before    It s a hit over the summer on Netflix . NO I have not seen it  but it seems quite popular  it may have a trilogy  . Netflix had a few successes with putting out romantic comedies recently with  The Kissing Booth  being popular . I have heard that Netflix is more  Nice  movies instead of doing satire  .Interestingly in To All the Boys I ve Loved Before all the letters got delivered to the girls door. Yeah  it is also a Netflix original  surprisingly they still send DVD with mail  .Many blockbuster movies are out there   Peter Kavinsky is becoming popular on the internet.Yeah he is one of Netflix s stars  They promote him on their Twitter feed .He is handsome and athletic also intelligent helping him along. He is popular but I doubt he will become as popular as Robert De Niro  he is in   of the top     movies in IMDB  .Did you know that Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to make a career in comedy .What movies did he filmed  . I m not sure   But   rd rock from the sun won the golden globe for best comedy series in     . They did beat Seinfeld and Friends  yet few people remember this show  .I faintly remember it but don t remember it being so great. It is difficult to create comedy that pass the test of time  like Seinfeld  . Yes  Harrison Ford is a great icon   He and Robert de Niro share the lead for most film appearances in the imdb top     at   .And Wal Mart released a film that IMDB consider the worst film produced in the     s . They need to stick to business  not show business I guess   Shawshank redemption grossed only    million more than its budget even though rated highest on imdb. It is difficult to create a blockbuster  that is why Netflix is spending so much  In the billions  . Yes  but they seem to be doing well
conversation_766 Hey there  Are you interested in poetry at all . Not too much  but I know a bit  what about you .Same  I think its really amazing that it has such an extensive history though  I was reading a few interesting things about it  Did you know Edgar Allan Poe only made    when The Raven was published . That is not very much at all  how much is that   dollars in todays value . I m not sure  but I can t imagine its very much  especially considering how well known that poem is now  . That is true  did you know poetry was once an olympic sport .Really  Was it a sport to write the poetry or to read it out loud . I am not sure  Art and music were also sports as well. That s pretty cool  I would love to find out more about how that worked  Did you know that the javanese alphabet forms a poem when recited in order  I haven t heard it  but I wonder what it sounds like . that is really interesting  languages intrigue me  how big is their alphabet . I m not sure  language is really fascinating  Or really communication in general  there are so many different types and ways of going about it  Did you know that there are    quintillion individual animals on our planet  Random  but thinking of different types of communication brought that to mind  . that is a ton of animals  holy moly  i know we have over     million species though. I didn t know that  Did you know one of the signs of a domesticated animal are white patches on its forehead  I haven t noticed that consistently  but I m going to look for it more often now .Why is that the case .I m not sure  I was wondering the same thing  And I wonder if its only newly domesticated animals versus species like dogs or cats that have been domesticated over time . I am not too sure either  I know animals have dominant appendages  like we do for our right or left hand.I ve never heard that before  how do you tell which is dominant  And do they have dominant appendages in both the front and back or just one . that much I do not know  they also have different dialects or languages based on geography.Really  So a dog from Europe would bark differently than a dog from the US  Did yo know that germany was the first country to give animals legal rights . I think that is what it means  I did not know that  that is awesome of them though .Yeah  It was nice chatting with you 
conversation_767 Do you like computers .For the most part  I work in part with computers .I think a lot of people do these days  What about Apple computers .My wife has one and I used to  smokinh near one voids the warranty . That is so weird  right  I wonder if it is the same with iphones  .I hope not  I imagine people smoke more with their phone.That is true  Did you know in      Russians made a computer that ran on water .That s impressive  The space shuttles compute rused only  MB of RAM  Must have been simple .That is pretty cool  Makes you wonder what we need all of this computing power for then .I m also guessing that the space shuttle s computer wasnt asked to do alot  Did yo ukow there are mor than    quintillion animals individuakly on earth .I didn t but that sounds about right  How many fish are there .Probably a lot more than I think . Yeah  I wonder if it is more or less  I m guessing more .Even the Loch Ness monster is protected in Scotland . Hilarious  Well  you have to assume it is the national mascot  .It is  Did not know that. I don t know  but you would assume so  right  .Makes sense  Germanya lso gives animals constitutional rights. Yeah  I heard about that  Sort of crazy to think of things like that  Similar to what gills are  Well  nice chatting with you .You too  I see that aniamls developed white patches to indicate domestication too. Yeah  I don t know if I believe that one  Good chatting  Take it easy 
conversation_768 Do you like to use computers  they are great tools.I do like them   I rely on them to make money . Yeah same here  cant believe the shuttles computer runs on only  mb of ram.Isn t that crazy something so small can power something so big . I know right  its insane  it must be really difficult to upgrade that system  mb seems primitive.It does   In      the Russians made a computer that ran on water   I m guessing they must have used something like a water wheel to generate a power system . I think that didnt work our  we dont have many computers that run on water now a days but interesting concept .Yes  lol  Someone built a working    bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks   I don t know how that works . Sounds like a really smart person  what are your thoughts on trans humanists .I kind of like the idea of being able to upload your mind to a computer and memory sticks because you would be leaving some kind of legacy behind after you re gone . It is an interesting concept  maybe they will upload their minds successfully  that will ensure survival of our race .Yes   Do you know much about animals   I love them .I know that there are   million species and    quintillion of them.Whoa   Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated   Interesting .That is interesting  I have a dog and haven t noticed that  Maybe he s not domesticated fully yet . LOL that s great   Under the provisions of the      Scottish protection of animals act  the Loch Ness monster is a protected species .Thats fair  Why wouldn t you like to scare Nessie away if it ever appears again  Do you think that Nessie is real or just a myth . I would like to think that it was real  but by now I would have thought if it did exist there would be some solid evidence . I think its hard to tell but I hope Nessie exists  it must be an amazing beast  .I would think so for sure   Hiccups area a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs   It s been fun chatting . I hate hiccups  they are so annoying  cool facts thanks for chatting and for sharing them with me  have a great day  
conversation_769 Hello   how are you doing this morning .I m doing just swell  drinking my morning cup of coffee  how about you .I m doing good   thanks for asking  Do you have a Netflix account .doesnt everyone these days  haha. Haha yea  From  pm   am  Netflix accounts for     of all bandwidth in North America . I believe it  I know thats when I get most of my Netflix watching done  and then all these kids nowadays with their  Netflix and Chilling        is prime time for that.I bet lol  Netflix and Youtube make up half the peak internet traffic in North America . and to think  Netflix started just because the founder racked up a big late fee on his VHS or Apollo    .That is funny how someone became rich over something like that  Blockbuster declined to buy Netflix for     million and now they are worth    billion .and Blockbuster is dead  I kind of miss them though.I do miss Blockbuster myself  I used to spend a lot of time up there growing up . i did too  every friday night I was there renting a game and a movie  Now I can just do it from home  I used to rent a lot of comedy films  one of my favorite kinds to watch.Do you like comedy films . love em  one of my favorite genres  I could always use a good laugh  you . Me too   rd Rock from the Sun won a golden globe in      and beat out Seinfeld  Friends  and Frasier . I cant believe that  Those are   very highly regarded shows  Im sure  rd rock is good and all  but not as iconic.I agree  Did you know Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy . i did hear that  I think thats an odd choice  have you ever seen that movie .I have not seen that movie so I think it s odd as well .definitely not in the top     movies of all time     of which feature either Harrison Ford or Robert De Niro  Theyre each in  .It was good talking to you 
conversation_770 Hi  Are you a Netflix user . I am a Netflix user  what about yourself . Yup  It s available worldwide  except for China  Syria  and North Korea  So  I should be good for a long time .Yeah it was more than     million subscribers around the world so that tells you something about the success of the brand. Yeah  and with them in      becoming content production enterprise as well  they have solidified their long term success . I heard they have a lot of debt too  did you know how Netflix got started  there should be a movie about that I would watch it on Netflix of course.Of course we would   I hear that the company started because the founder was fed up with late fees of VHS rentals  Seems like ages ago    . Yeah a     late fee that broke Blockbuster  isn t that ironic. Blockbuster had more than one chance to buy Netflix  but they choked  And now Blockbuster  who could predict their own demise  will forever be known for their lack of foresight . I know right  they owned the business but they didnt have the vision to keep on going  they had the chance to buy the company as low as     million  its a lot of money but now the company is worth    billion. Shame  I had a Blockbuster close to my home  Now it is an empty building  And today  Netflix and YouTube account for half of peak internet traffic in the US.And it also accounts for     of the bandwidth during the times of  pm to    am in North America.Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph must be proud . They must  they have built an empire I hope it doesnt go down  the streaming service Disney is launching will be a tough competition.Sure  There are lots of competition out there  I enjoy watching a lot of comedies they have on Netflix  I think there is a Demetri Martin comedy special available on Netflix now  He is awesome  He dropped out of law school out of boredom to start his career in comedy . I might have to watch that one  Im going to search it in the IMDb data base. That s a good place to find out info   The Shawshank Redemption is a highly rated movie on IMDB  which was not initially recognized in the theaters . I really enjoyed that movie  so good  the plot  the actors  just wonderful  its actually my favorite all time movie. Well  it is the highest rated movie on IMDB  so there are a lot of folks that agree with you .Have you watched the movie  if not you should really watch it.Many times and I will likely watch it again soon  It is always enjoyable to watch   Nice chatting with you 
conversation_771 Hi there  Do you like romantic comedies .I do   I like all movies actually  lol.Netflix s series To All the Boys I ve Loved Before is doing well .Hmmm   I m not familiar with that one   I m going to have to check it out on Netflix .Have you watched The Kissing Booth  That was one of the most watched movies in the country .Haha   I m behind on my movies   Is that one also on Netflix   There may be some binge watching in my future .Yes it is  Set it Up was also a favorite in June  To All the Boys I ve Loved Before is one that has gained an intense fan base .From  PM to   AM Netflix accounts for     of all bandwidth in North America   I m going to have to catch up during those hours   lol. Yeah  and there is rumor that there will be a Netflix sequel of To All the Boys I ve loved  You have plenty to watch .Netflix and youtube make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America so I ll have some competition to catch up   lol.You can escape to another world  Some Rom Coms can make viewers wish they were a teen again . Yes   I won t be watching on dvd because I don t subscribe to that   However  people still must because Netflix spend    times more on postage than on bandwidth .Crazy  Blockbuster must be regretting turning down the deal to buy Netflix . Yes seeing how Netflix is now worth    billion and Blockbuster is down to   store  which I saw that on the news this past week after a  nd location announced they were closing .Sad  I don t miss those late fees though  Reed Hastings was inspired to start Netflix because of a large late fee .Funny if the store was Blockbuster   LOL.Right  I used to check out DVDs of my favorite shows and movies there  I really liked the show Friends . Me too   I was surprised that  rd Rcok from the Sun beat out Friends  Seinfeld  and Frasier for the golden globe for best comedy series in      . Yeah  I never thought  rd Rock was that funny  I d watch it but it was never one of my favorites .It was that goofball corny comedy  lol  Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy   Was he that skinny guy from the Drew Carey show   I had fun chatting . I m not sure  glad it worked out for him though  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_772 Hi there   Looking forward to chat with You     .Can you believe that some jellyfish are immortal . Ok  sorry  there is no way that is true    I mean    WHAT   . Yeah  I guess I figure that they must just keep living by replacing their own cells so fast that they never get old enough to die .Well why the hell can t we still that property from them     . Hmm  Let s get research on that   Sounds like gene splicing and all that   Maybe in a few decades  it won t also cause cancer . I would want that property    don t You   I bet they are already using it  but they can t give it to the public because our planet is not ready for it   overpopulation   . Immortality  maybe   Maybe just for re growing a liver or kidney     or an eye   I don t think I d want to live forever . Oh come on  I m not buying that    people say that  but nobody believes that    I think everybody want to live forever   . I just don t think we re meant to go on and on here on Earth   We d get bored  for one . You know    one day You would be bored  the other You wouldn t    just like now    there will always be something exciting to wait for   .I think it would take a long long time to be bored     yes   What do you think it would be like to live to see your great great great great great  grandchildren and everyone in between .it would be fantastic   I would assemble a soccer team just from my relatives    lol. You could probably start your own league   And if the tech works to regenerate tendons  muscles  and such  you could infinitely recover from injuries   Hmm   Do you think at a certain point you would run out of the ability to remember so many years of life .Well    do You forget how it was when You were like     I don t think You do    there are moments in Your life You ll remember forever and there are those less important that You don t   . Moments  yes   But when I think back to a period like high school  it s four years  but a few dozen moments   I think that over time  you d remember just one thing from each decade . Probably    but who cares  You would live to    I don t know   witness a first contact with alien civilization      .Perhaps   But also nuclear war and diseases and such   I d rather die once than endure cancer    times   Or warfare that weaponizes sound frequencies and light patterns   Do you think such things will come too . Probably eventually    But I was only talking about being biologically  always young    not indestructible    if a cancer would get you    that s it   lights out   . In that case  I think you d have the obligation to work forever     no retirements based on declining health and such   That s not a good thing . Holy crap  I didn t think of that one    lol. Also  then we d run out of jobs     yeah the math gets wonky there .Hmmm    I would buy a farm and hire people to work for me for food    endless circle    lol.And then stay in a bubble so you never get a disease .I mean that would always stay as a    risk  So maybe we would focus on healthy food on that farm  For the sake of all of us   .Good plan 
conversation_773  Hello  do you like animals . Certain ones  mainly the cuter ones  lol       But yeah  I like animals  how about you .Hard to choose   quintillion on earth    . Speaking of liking animals    there s a zoo in Maryland that ll let you PET the African Penguins for a small fee   That d be an animal lovers dream  I bet   .I saw that in the Washington post . Yeah  apparently they like to be petted because it s similar to the way penguin groom  or preen  each others feathers   I guess like other animals  it s a bonding experience  .That is neat   I wold like to meet Eddie the penguin .any reason you like that particularly one .He is   and already very interactive with people I hear . He s probably a cutie   Don t try to pick him up though  they say the penguin will peck at ya if you get too grabby  .The program is only    dollars too for    mins. Yeah  I m told the money goes to help support breeding for endangered species  so it s a win win for all involved . Yes    people can go in at a time. Neatly enough  you can t feed the penguins while you re there   Apparently they ll only take food from the  official  feeders   Found that interesting   . Also interesting  they are African penguins . Yeah  I guess they re picky about their food   I tell ya something that s not   a black swallower fish   They can eat prey twice their length and TEN times their weight .Dang   Did you know a seahorse is the only fish with a neck . No  I didn t know that   Aquatic life is rather fascinating   They say  for example  there s a breed of jellyfish that is immortal   Wonder if they call them  Highlander Jellyfish  lol . Yes  I actually researched them in school   They can revert back to larvae when frightened   They only die when eaten or external circumstances not due to age. Whoa  that is neat   So you ve actually studied about sea life in depth   . No not really   Just interested in some things haha   Take care  good chat . Hey  you too   Have a great evening 
conversation_774 Hey there do you like to dance  I like to dance I m just horrible at it haha. Yes I love to dance   did you know Bruce lee was a great dancer   he won a cha cha championship. No I didn t know that  I think he was really talented personally  do you ever watch ballet by chance . Ive seen some shows when I was younger   nothing recently  . Well I used to date a ballerina  and I know that her toes would get really beating up from all of the dancing  so it doesn t surprise me that professional ballet dancers can go through four pairs of shoes a week  even though that sounds crazy.I know right   Tupac danced ballet in high school.Yeah that s crazy  He was in The Nutcracker  You think anyone has a videotape of that  I bet they would make a lot of money haha  I also need to watch a baby dance  Apparently if you put on good music they will Bob to the beat. I would like to see Tupac dance ballet as well   As for the baby dancing   I have seen that so many times   its adorable  . I need to see that  I also want to see the patent that Michael Jackson has  it s the patent for his extreme lean dance move that he would do onstage  I think he should be the only one to use it because he did it best. Its in his music video   smooth criminal . Yep you re right  that s a great music video by the way  Do you ever go golfing by the way  That s something I ve tried but I m just not good at it.nope   I like minature golf though . Miniature golf is awesome  I need to go back I haven t done that in so long  What I don t like those how much water golf courses use  have you heard about this .Yeah mini golf is awesome   Yeah I wonder why they need so much water . Yep I agree  I can t believe the average golf course uses         gallons of water  and then the one in Dubai AKA Saudi Arabia uses four million gallons a day  that s just insane and such a waste.That is ridiculous   And how many countries dont have clean water for people and golfers are just throwing it away to the grass or whatever . Yep I agree  Just for a game instead of for people who actually need the clean water  I also didn t know that Babe Ruth was a golfer  I only heard about him being a good baseball player.same here   samuel l jackson get   days a week to play golf in his work clause . That s pretty awesome  I bet he s really good  I didn t know too  in terms of wasting things  how much space golf courses use up  Apparently all the golf courses in the United States could take up the size of Rhode Island and Delaware combined.To be fair those are small states lol. Haha that is true  It s still a lot of space though  it s two states  What do you think about literature by the way  Do you ever read a book
conversation_775  Hello there  are you a big fan of animals .wow I never knew The black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weigh . I think I have heard about that one  so crazy   Some of the creatures in the ocean really amaze me  .yea and A seahorse is the only fish to have a neck.That is crazy   Those little things are really strange   Do you know about the jellyfish that is immortal in a sense .Did you know that There is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal. Yeah I have heard about those  I think they claim to put some of those in pills to help memory  .Do you like animals   here are about    quintillion individual animals on planet earth .That is pretty crazy to think about   I find it interesting as well thinking about how they even determine that number in the first place .lol me too  Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated .Do you know if that is why dogs and cats have those patches as well . good question  In       germany became the first country in the world to universally give animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights .I wonder who represents them in court or fights for their rights when they are threatened . lmao the lawyer could be a dog lol   the      scottish protection of animals act  the loch ness monster is a protected species . That is nuts to me  I think the loch ness monster was really some greenland sharks that swam upstream and were spotted  .I think its a human in custom  did you know that humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original.Yeah the way that we grow back bones in an incredible feat if you ask me .yhere is a sound frequency that causes fear in us. I never knew that  I wonder if they use that in horror movies all the time and we just don t notice it  .and we are adapted for persistence hunting making them among the best distance runners among all running animals . Not the fastest  but the longest lol   Well it s been good talking with you  I hope you have a good night 
conversation_776 Hey  How are you  Do you like animals . Yes  The study of non humans is called zoology  Animals are multicellular . True  By the way  do you have any pets home . Yes  I have some fishes and dogs  what about you  . No  I don t  Fish is cool  I d love to have fish  Is it difficult to take care of . Yes  The animal plays a important role in food web  They categories into three group according to the way of consume foods  They are carnivores  omnivores  herbivores .Can you believe there    quintillion individual animals on our planet  It s huge number    . Due to deforestation  we lost so many features  It is very difficult to preserve the forest and save the animals from hunter  Elephant is mainly hunted for its ivory .Anyway people make effort to protect animals  Germany is the first country to give animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights  It s so cool .It is very interesting  We must save and protect them  We expanding you area and occupy their living space .True  Did you know that in Scotland there is protection act and loch ness monster is a protected species . Fishes living in fresh water drink only fresh water through their skin via osmosis  while the saltwater fish drink water through mouth . Yes  and a seahorse is the only fish to have a neck  I completely didn t know it  What else do you know  Share with me  please .I see in the fish exhibition in my childhood  Its very nice time . Really  I m sure it is beautiful  There is something interesting about humans  For example  there is sound frequency that causes fear in humans  .All animals and plants synthesize their own vitamin C but human cannot do it due to defect of gene .True  It s part of us  Actually humans are among best running animals and this is because of hunting  I m not surprised  In order to have good result in hunting you have to run very well . In the early stage  human want to hunt for their food  so only he domesticated dog for hunting .True  Human always try to adopt all animals for their need .Humans use tools to a much higher degrees than any other animals.True  It was nice chat  Thanks and have a good day 
conversation_777 Hello  Did you hear about the cougar attack that killed the mountain biker .I heard it was all the way in Washington State . Yes  How scary  I read that they found the cougar and killed it  Sad how animals think they have to attack for their safety .I cannot imagine mountain biking and then being attacked like that .Right  I guess they drug the dead victim to their Den    that s where police found him  What a horrific death . Yes  sad that they had to kill the animal but best for the safety of others . Exactly  they did a necropsy on the dead cougar and find out if it had a disease because cougars usually run away not attack  .Do you know the results .They didn t mention results  But there have only been     cougar attacks in     years so this is pretty rare .   have been fatal .That is horrible  I guess with more and more people building and doing more and more into the woods these animals feel like they are in danger .Did you know there is a lawyer in switzerland who represents animals . Really  That is interesting  Animals are only protecting their only home  it s all so sad . I wonder how you even testify with an animal  Also  what happens if the animal wins .I wouldn t even know lol    maybe it s about if the animal gets put down after an attack or not .I think you are right  I wonder how he is paid if the animal loses .Must be free   or paid out by who hired them    good question  I was astounded to read that we have    quintillion individual animals on earth    wow .That is crazy  I cannot even imagine what the number would be if some animals havent gone extinct . Exactly    we will be taken over by animals if they keep reproducing quickly  I guess animals and fish are like humans  you threaten their young and they fight back    .I guess so  Can you imagine having a goldfish for    years . Wow  can t imagine  Fish can be pretty interesting  and strange looking .Agreed  Have a nice day 
conversation_778 Did you know you can pet penguins at the Maryland Zoo . No I had no clue  I d love to pet penguins at the Maryland  zoo.Me too  There are a bunch of African Penguins there  It costs     and you get a    minute encounter .    to pet a penguin for a half hour doesn t sound too bad I definitely pay for it.Me too   Plus it supports penguin breeding. Thats awesome  Apparently penguins act like overstimulated toddlers  sounds like so much fun. See  if you asked me to be in a room full of toddlers  Id decline  but little penguins  count me in  .Yea you can t really take a toddler to a small yard with a pool like you can with penguins.Did you know that when animals get a white patch on their forehead it means they have been domesticated. No  that s pretty crazy  I wonder if humans can ever domesticate a jellyfish that is biologically immortal.It is kind of crazy to think that they can live like that   They are going to take over the world   lol.Lol well in Switzerland they already have a lawyer who represents animals. Thats really cool  some places there are actually rights for animals like Germany .That s pretty crazy but animals do share similarities with humans like animals from the same species speaking different dialects.Even the Loch Ness Monster is a protected species .That s interesting  Did you know there is a     year old koi fish named Hanako .Really   Where does it live . I have no clue  I d imagine in China or Japan since its name is Hanako. True  I would assume it is a aquarium or zoo or something . Yea  I guess fish can live very long  the oldest goldfish lived to    years old.Wow that is a long time   I had one for   years and I thought he lived a long time . well i got to go  nice talking with you
conversation_779 Hi  Do you visit the library these days . hi  I go sometimes  I like their collection of books dvds and audiobooks  you . Yeah  once upon a time  I went to the library for DVDs and CDs as well before streaming was popular  but these days I go mainly for the books since I prefer traditional books over ebooks . ya I agree with that  good to know there are more libraries than mcdonalds in the usa. Wow  how is that possible  But considering the vast amount of resources library provides  I suppose it s true  Like when a man was mistakenly imprisoned  he spend most of his time in the library to study law and prove his innocence  .that is impressive  I want to come out with a book in norway  the government will buy      copies of any book that is published. That s really supportive  I wonder if it s enough to put into the number of libraries in Norway  if not you can convince them to support more .haha good plan  and if you make a kids book they buy      copies  instant guaranteed sales . That s not bad at all  does the same hold true for shoes since professional ballet dancers go through   pairs of pointe shoes in a week  imagine the pain their toes are in .yup  I dated a ballet dancer and her toes were always jacked  I don t recommend it for kids. Oh my goodness  did you give her pointe shoes as gifts  I imagine it s a big expense if they go through that many pairs per week. haha she didn t go through   but ya always had feet problems and her shoes were always dinged up  very weird . Ouch  It sounds quite painful  if she had stinky feet  you could put dry tea bags in the shoes to absorb the unpleasant odors  Natural and cost friendly  no of any other remedies like that . lol I ll keep that in mind  did you know some shoes are designed specifically for things like skiing or hiking . Yeah  I ve seen those at outdoor shops like REI and Dick s Sporting Goods  any brand you recommend . I like north face myself  but I haven t been hiking in a while  I hurt my ankle last time  do you ever wear hiking shoes . Oh yeah  I like North Face as well they have kept me very warm in this cold weather recently  Yes  I wear hiking shoes ever since I ve noticed how slippery some paths can be but they are quite expensive  more expensive than the line of shoes that Stephon Marbury promoted which only retailed for     . haha oh wow thats funny  did you know that      year old shoes can perform better than some modern ones  I want to try those.Thats crazy  How does one still have access to      year old shoes .yes indeed  Did you hear what steve smith does after every nfl game he plays .What does he do  I imagine he celebrates with one of those victory dances 
conversation_780  Hello   do you play any fantasy games   It looks like people even draft fantasy spelling bees lol . I saw that  I play both fantasy football and basketball  so I found that pretty interesting  Did you know there is also fantasy congress  .Fantasy congress seems like a headache lol Do you try and vet them too   like get a background check find all their dirty secrets   haha. Ha  Yeah I m fed up with real politics  I don t need more in my life lol That would make it more fun to get background checks though haha do you play fantasy sports  .No I do not play any fantasy   I have watched that show The League   That is hilarious . I love that show  Do you play or watch any sports  I just read about cricket  nothing I m familiar with  but I did see that the longest match in history took    days  I wonder how long a normal match takes   . I dont play any sports   I work out   go to the gym   snowboard and swim   I have never played cricket   but that is insane   I have heard of tennis matches going for like   days though lol . I don t play any either  but I do a lot of the same things you mentioned  Except swimming  I m a horrible swimmer  I don t know much about tennis  but that sounds really long lol Apparently the US has a cricket team from Compton that won the British cup two times. Wow I didnt realize people in Compton play cricket   that is impressive though  .Right  Kind of surprising  Are you interested in travel . Absolutely   I hear the dutch are creating this crazy fast bus  supposably it travels    mph   We need that in California .Thats amazing  I can t imagine how much faster my work commute would be  Did you know iceland has no public rail service at all  Apparently people either drive or use domestic flights  Sounds expensive . Ugh   that sounds horrible   I wonder why that is   maybe its cheaper if more people use it a lot   I read that Mackinac Island has no motorized vehicles   They travel by horse or bike   how about that commute    lol.Yeah I was wondering the same  maybe people just don t travel much there  I can t even imagine commuting by horse lol I guess this is making me grateful that I at least don t have to fly or ride in a carriage . traveling by horse sounds tiring   I took a few horse back riding lessons and after a few hours your thighs really hurt   just from the position you are in   And is there free horse parking   Do you have to pick up your horses poops like you do with dogs   Thats crazy lol .I used to ride competitively when I was younger and yeah its definitely a work out  And i m not sure what you would do if you had to ride your horse to work   and maybe the city takes care of the poop  This town sounds super weird lol Did you know all the highways in Japan are toll roads  Apparently it costs around      to travel across the country. I did know that   that country wants to charge you for everything   it is so expensive there from what ive heard   I am visiting next year in Feb   mostly to go snowboarding lol everyone talks about the JaPow  .It sounds super expensive  I m super jealous you get to visit to snowboard  I ve heard their snow is insane .I know right   Cant freaking wait   My friends are going up next month Im super jealous of them .Well hopefully they come back with good experiences and advice to share  That way you can avoid spending that      driving around lol.lol right   Have you traveled to go snowboarding . Not outside of the US  but Ive gone to Park City a few times  Nice talking with you  Enjoy your travel to Japan 
conversation_781  Hi  how are you .Good  And you  Do you like to travel  Ever been to Japan .I do like to travel but I have not been to Japan  What about you  Do you like to travel and have you everbeen to japan .I have not but it s on my bucket list  I d think twice about driving while I was there though  EVERY highway is a toll road .Really  That s strange  Why do you think that is .Probably to keep traffic down  That s my guess anyway  At least they re not like Makinac Island where they don t allow any cars at all  That s some serious traffic control . I think it would be good  if the island was small enough and nice enough  If it were in a nice area  where you could ride bikes year round  I would love it . Yeah  that would be very leisurly  They use bikes or horse drawn carriages I think . I couldn t do the horse drawn carriage thing  It would take too long     I have to go to town  get the horse and buggie ready  .Would be a little smelly too  In Iceland they have to fly everywhere if they don t have a car  There s no public rail service . That could get really expensive quick  Have you heard about a start up and Uber partnering for flying cars  more like drones  that would take a trip around chicago from     hours to   minutes   .I did not  That would be a better wat to get around Iceland also  When do they plan on testing it I wonder .     is what I heard  I think it was a segment on a podcast I was listening to  It wuld be nice to have it but I wouldn t trust it yet . Yeah  there s no failsafe if your flying car breaks down and you plummet to your death  It would be cool to fly an Uber to my Cricket game  I think I d look cool landing on the pitch . Yeah  that d be baller  The worst would be the poor peole on the ground that get killed by a falling drone like machine . Yeah  not a great solution  Sorry Jetsons  But seriously do you play Cricket .I do not  I cannot understand it for the life of me  I do love sport though .It s kind of like baseball but with only two bases or bowling with only one pin to try to hit .Do you play a lot  Are you any good .I was on a US born team from COmpton  We won the British Cup twice .There s so much to unpack there  Maybe next time  Take care 
conversation_782  Hello  are you a fan of cricket . Hi  I would like to learn more . Well the game is very similar to baseball  You score runs by hitting the ball bowled towards you  and the other team tries to catch the ball to get you out . I know a little bit  like the fact that the game is played by two teams and each one has    players. Yeah there s definitely some differences  also to my knowledge there isn t a wicket in baseball  and a lot more field to cover than    yards . Yes  cricket has a small field  I found there is an indian player whose name is Napoleon einstein. That s a strange name for sure haha  I wonder if he ever got bullied for it in the sport  I know the best player in cricket s history had nasty tactics against him  leading to the other teams facing consequences. And the consequences went far beyond  there were even diplomatic consequences   for England and Australia. At least karma wins out in the end  the best teams aren t always the ones that play it most  There was an all US team from Compton that won the British Cup twice . Australia has been so important in cricket  I learned they had won     of all cricket cups. That s crazy  Although it makes sense considering their overall dominance  I think they ve been in more than     of all finals right . That is right and there is a very interesting match that occurred in       do you know why it is so interesting . No I haven t heard of it  I don t follow cricket a whole lot  but what happened . Well  this was a match between England and S  africa and lasted fourteen days  i can not imagine how it was . Oh my goodness  I would ve dropped from exhaustion long before that  I wonder how many people had been dismissed from the game by the end of it  That has to have been the longest game ever . Well  talking about records  there is one that I would like to copy  It is a travel record by the king Kalakaua  who was the first king to travel around the world. Ahah that s certainly some ambition you have  I want to travel a lot but I found out Japan may not be the best place for me  to go across the country it costs over      just in tolls . That is a lot  I would do it just once because i agree  it is a lot of money  I would be a different story in Mackinac island  where there are only horse drawn carriages. Wow that would certainly take a long time  I can t imagine what would take longer  that or traveling in Iceland  where most people without cars have to use domestic flights to travel between towns . That is the beauty of it  each place is completely different  Even there is  a commuter bus in the making that would travel at     mph .I bet that s useful especially when you don t have enough room for horse carriages everywhere  Feels like Mackinac Island should definitely withdraw their ban on motorized vehicles and modernize .Well It was nice talking to you  have a good one 
conversation_783 Do you use the library . Hi  how are you  I used to use the library a lot  Now I use the Internet  It s more convenient  How about you .I kind of wish we could digitalize all the information in all libraries into one comprehensive database  it seems a shame that all the resources and information in libraries are nowdays often ignored. Libraries have been crucial to preserving and disseminating knowledge  Now their role is a different  but they are still important .What do you think their role is today .Many people go there to use computers because they can t afford one  I think that the librarians help people find information  Very little need to reshelf books . I mean it is still a great resource  A falsely imprisoned man spent    years in the library to study law  prove his innocence  and became a lawyer to help others with similar plights.That s great  Prison libraries are a great resource for motivated inmates  I have trouble believing that there are more libraries than mcdonald s in the US. Speaking of the role of libraries changing  sacramento recently released a public library of things for patrons to check out things from sewing machines to other items people would need in the short term. A tool library  That s a great idea  I figure it s a good public service  Some people don t have space or money for such things  Borrow it  return it  Save on resources  too . Indeed  I also like how norway is encouraging literacy  If you publish a book  the government will buy      copies and distribute them throughout the country. You could write a book  get published  and then go to McDonald s  I guess Norway has the money to buy books  . True  I also respect how in his old age  the uk prime minister founded a library and donated his personal collection of   K books.He took the collection to the library himself  At age     He couldn t hire someone  Seems like a lot of work  Maybe he wanted the exercise .Maybe he simply wanted to personally bring books with not reader to readers with no books.That s true  I thought he would hire a company to move the books to the library .I wonder what kind of shoes he was wearing when he walked     mile back and forth for   K books  I hope it wasn t a basic sandal. The man probably could afford tremendous shoes  on par with the best shoes every created .Ironically did you know      year old shoes performed better than modern shoes .I bet those shoes were made to last  Couldn t just go to the store or the cobbler . True indeed  In any case  thanks for chatting 
conversation_784  Hi  do you have a dog  Either as a pet or in another role .I don t but I used to   We have two cats now  Did you know that dog and elephants are the only animals that understand pointing . I did not  Sometimes I think my cats do  but they probably don t  I always thought dogs and wolves were closely related until I saw a wolf last week and looked it up  Turns out the wolves that domesticated dogs decent from are a lot different then todays wolves .I find dogs interesting  I did not know that there are    different blood types that dogs could have  And I did not know dogs could donate blood at dog drives .Yes  I see them advertise them at the local pet store  I had no idea either  I guess there are benefits to being the first domesticated species .And what I think is kind of interesting is that Google prefers dogs to cats and it is stated they are a dog company. It s weird when people bring their pets to work  Dogs are more workers  they have so many uses like herding or helping you hunt  where as cats are just like roommates .That is true  I think we should do what they do in Istanbul  If they recycle plastic bottles they have a vending machine to feed the citys stray dogs .That is a great idea  It s sad to see any abandoned pet outside dog or cat .I agree it is really nice to do.Do you have any other pets  I also have a couple of snakes and a legless lizard which although it looks like a snake is not a snake .I used to have snakes  I had a mouse that ate my snake once  I should move to New Zealand there are no snakes there .I almost don t want to know what they did to get rid of them  It s funny how some people like us are not afraid of snakes  The fear of snakes is hard wired into the human brain .Did you know there are some flying snakes that launch themselves at prey  I would love to see that.Crazy  I have not seen them  A lot of people who come over mistake my legless lizard for a snake but once you know how to tell them apart it s so obvious  The ears especially give him away .That is true  Do you like Jazz music . I do  You might know this or you might laugh but I love Clint Eastwood s jazz music  but not so much his movies .I like that there is a woman in harlem who has had free jazz concerts for    years and some jazz artists actually stop by  That s pretty cool .Neat  I ll have to check that out next time I m in NYC  Free too .It is awesome that Jazz is played all over  In Pakistan they have a jazz artist who s on the charts . Cool  I think I m going to go listen to some jazz now  I have some really old lps  Anyway have a great night .You too .bye
conversation_785 Do you enjoy going to the library . Hello   I used to go to the library all the time when I was little  but I haven t been to one in a very long time  What about you   . I agree  I used to go  but no longer  I feel it is a shame since a library is an invaluable resource for the community  offering vast amounts of resources.Yep  Did you know Jupiter saves Earth from many asteroids .I did  It is among the many facts you can find in the library  Did you know a falsely imprisoned man spent    studying law and became a lawyer after proving his innocence . Oh wow that s pretty amazing  I saw that the direction of Earth s magnetic field reverses every                 years .What kind of affect does the reversal of magnetic field have on life on earth .I have no idea on that  I m thinking maybe natural disasters and things of that nature . Did you know that if earth s history was viewed as a    hour period  humans only make up for   min and    sec .That s pretty eye opening of how short humans have lived on the Earth .It is a shame though that in such a short time we have destroyed     of earth s nature forests  I hope we can change that for the better going forward the next few minutes.The Earth is almost   times as dense as the sun .That is pretty cool  Do you think earth will continue to be the only life inhabited planet .I m not sure on that  I m a religious person and think God only put people on this planet  I have no idea if there is other life out there .The UN even appointed official ambassadors for extraterrestrials just in case.That s crazy  Do you think there is other life out there . Considering the vastness of space  it seems more likely for more life to exist than not. Yea that s a good point  It s hard to say if there is other lifeforms out there  Switching gears a bit  did you know there are at least    ways to tie your shoes .I did not  I only use like   .Haha yea same here  I really only use   way . I wonder if shoes will evolve to be lace less  In any case  thank you for the enjoyable chat 
conversation_786  Hello  do you know much about the earth . Not much  except that i live there   .Good enough  When earth was created apparently the day was only     hours.That would be crazy  How would one nap .I know no time for nap  And     of the earth is covered in water.Wow  That seems like a lot  I wonder how much is salt water like in water world . The majority of it  Sadly      of the forests have been destroyed.That does make me sad  Teddy Roosevelt was a known conservationist  He made the National park and forest service . Wow  goof for him   Did you know earth will be helium free by the end of the century .Is that a bad thing  Can we make it in a lab   Can old shoes perform better than new shoes .Yeah apparently shoes that date back to      years ago are much stronger.Maybe those cobblers can make ballet shoes  They go through   pairs a week .Yeah that is a lot of shoes  Do you know how the keep them smelling fresh .Febreeze .Hahaha yes great option  But also tea bags.can you imagine wheelbarrowing       books at    years old .No but I heard Gladstone did that  What an amazing man.I would just give up    There are more libraries than mcdonalds so that is a good start .I like that fact a lot  Have you heard of the Library of Things . No  I have not  What is it .A library in Sacramento where you can borrow other stuff besides books  Nice chat   
conversation_787 Are you a dog fan like Google . Personally  I like most animals  regardless of whether they are cats or dogs  I admit however that the history of man and dogs are a long and interesting one .Who would ve thought that man s best friend would truly be man s best friend and be able to get blood transfusions . Honestly  I don t know why the concept that animals can give eachother blood transfusions never occured to me  However  dogs have adapted very well to living with humans .The stray dogs are spared in Istanbul due to generous recyclers who put  their recyclables in a machine that dispenses food and water to them . That is very fascinating  Considering how many people love their pets  I think that would definitely motivate some people to recylce more  I didn t get to ask  do you like most animals like dogs or snakes . I sort of like dogs  but snakes no way   I respect that they are such stealthy animals that can swallow prey bigger than their heads though . Personally  I am okay with reptiles like snakes  but I do feel that you can t get as close a bond with them than other mammals  This may be due to the inherent fear of snakes wired into the brains of mammals  For instance  you have seen those videos of cats being scared of cucumbers .My dog is afraid of vacuums   So maybe they look like snakes with all those hoses . They probably don t understand what vaccums are  If I didn t know what vaccums were and this weird thing made weird noises and sucked air  I would be scared of it too .I wonder if animals in New Zealand fear snakes because they have none there .It must be a paradise for people who hate snakes  I mean in some places there are flying snakes .I guess that makes legless lizards not seem so scary . I mean I m fine with reptiles if they can t bite my arm off or they don t have poison  Although I fear crocodiles like poisonous snakes  I never knew crocodiles are more closely related to birds than snakes . I like observing animals and all the neat things about them  but there s nothing like relaxing to some smooth jazz   I would have loved to see the free jazz concerts in Harlem hosted by a woman at her apartment the past    years   Some famous people even have been there . Jazz is very intriquing as it maintained its core essence all the while abosorbing and drawing from different national  regional  and local cultures to adapt unique styles  Even in Korea  jazz bars are quite popular . I wonder why growing goatees adds comfort to jazz trumpeters   I played the trumpet  but I don t see the connection . Perhaps it is a cultural phenomenon  a symbol of their art .Maybe Clint Eastwood understands as he has enjoyed jazz all his life   I didn t know he played the piano. Jazz is now a major form of musical expression with many famous players such as Clint Eastwood  As you said  perhaps he would understand  After all  it seems like he is a man of many talents and understanding .I wonder what a jazz orchestra sounds like   They have one in Pakistan   Would they have violins in jazz   Nice talking to you 
conversation_788 I love animals  I especially love dogs  How do you feel about dogs . I m a huge dog lover  I grew with them all my life  Funny though  since I ve been on my own I ve had a cat  I really want a dog too though .I currently also have cats  Did you know that there are    different blood types for dogs .Nope  Interesting though  Us humans only four  Do you have a favorite type of dog .I tend to the like the smaller ones but not too small  French Bulldog sized dogs  They also have blood drives for dogs which is very nice .I love Golden Retrievers  Always had once growing up  So smart  My parents recently had a Novia Scotia Duck Trolling Retriever  Smartest dog I ve ever known  He had a huge vocabulary .They are both very smart dogs  Did you also know that dogs and elephants are the only animals that have the instinct to understand pointing . Yeah  they can learn over a thousand words and reason better than chimps too .Oh wow  Very impressive  Have you heard about the dog vending machines in Instanbul .No I did not  Is it for dog treats for the human owners or can the dogs actually use them .I m not sure who does the deposit but it will release food and water for stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles  That s such a good idea .I bet the dogs are smart enough to figure out that if they bring plastic back they get food  That s awesome  In Moscow some dogs have actually figured out how to use the subway .I m sure they are  Wow  I did not know about the subway in Moscow  We should give animals a lot more credit .Yeah I mean we haven t even really mentioned all the dogs that have actual jobs lol  It s incredible .It definitely is  Did you know that dogs being color blind is a myth .I think I ve heard that before  They just see color in lower definition or something right .They just don t see as many colors as we do .Did you know that dogs attached themselves to earlier humans by hanging around and getting rewarded with food .I did not but that makes complete sense  I know that they say that the direct ancestor of current domesticated dogs is likely extinct .Right it was a different kind of wolf that dogs evolved from them  I think smaller and probably less aggressive towards humans .Yes the modern wolves are not closely related to that wolf  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_789 Hello   Do you like dogs .I love dogs   They are the easiest way to clean the floor  Truly a messy eaters best friend . lol  That s funny   Dogs are not colour blind  but can t see as many different colors as human .I think Canis lups familiaris is better than canis familiaris   Cause some dogs are a little loopy . lol  Due to them being so smart their influence on humans is what gave them the nickname  man s best friend  .Mans biggest moocher as well   I know that if I point at something the dog will go look at it   Do you have an elephant   Can you point at things for it to look at . LOL Funny   But  true   There are    different blood types of dogs   I never knew that . No  I had no idea   I have also never heard of a dog blood drive   My dog can  not drive   Too many squirrels  .hahaha My dog doesn t like snakes   He should be a New Zealand dog since there are no snakes there .The fear of snakes must be hard wired into it s brain as well as humans and monkey brains   Interesting how some things you just know and some you learn  on the job .Yes   lol  There is a genus of flying snakes that can launch themselves at prey   Sure wouldn t want to cross on of those . It would be easy to be afraid of them   I happen to know that snakes paired organs occur one after the other  not side by side   Got to be thin  join weight watchers .haha  There are legless lizards that resemble snakes   I wonder what they look like   That would be odd to see a snake like body with a lizard head . It seems that lizards have evolved from having legs to not about    times   So  there must be an advantage to it .yes  lol  Do you like jazz music by any chance . Like a snake  I have no ears for music .lololol. Jazz is easy to like  for it is free verse in a way   All about expression  . Yes   Clint Eastwood is a lifetime jazz fan  plays piano  and scored several films with the music .It would be pretty wild to go to someones house in Harlem and listen to a free jazz concert   With Dirty Harry working the door .LOL yes   It was a pleasure chatting with you   Have a good evening 
conversation_790 Are you an avid reader of comic books .A little  I have read a few of the Marvel comics . I know that people call them  graphic novels  now  The story lines have become more serious  I don t know how I would go about picking the best books of the year .Comics go back as far as the     s and started in Japan.Really  I didn t know that  I imagine that pictorial story telling went back to the Egyptians .Comics actually started  out as strips in newspapers in this country. The name is a bit misleading because many of the stories are quite serious  I heard that Stan Lee ends his converstaions with the word  Excelsior   I wonder what that s about .Stan Lee will forever be remembered  His passing was a great loss to the comic world.I heard that he got    million per year just to stay alive  That s a great incentive  I heard that Marvel trademarked the names super hero and super villain . I am just glad that Michael Jackson didn t get his hands on Marvel  he would have likely ruined it. Disney has made a lot of movies  which is good  but I wonder how the fans feel about Marvel now  Do you read DC comics ever .Only for the Superman comic. DC stands for detective comics  so DC Comics stands for detective comics comics  I think Marvel is more popular in general .I always found it interesting that Google got its domain from Garfield.I didn t know that  Garfield   I think it is one of the boring est comics out there  Lasagna   Mondays   humor  Not to me .I was a huge Garfield fan when I was a kid.Comics are a good way for kids to learn to read  I liked reading Peanuts . I wish I had a copy of the first comic  Famous Funnies  That is worth a lot of money I bet. I bet  I wonder what was in it  Famous Funnies  but I have no idea what characters where in there  No so famous now  I guess .I wonder what the early Japanese comics were like . Probably different from today s  Maybe based on samurai and ninja  not cutesy characters .I don t think I would find them too funny either.LOL  I agree  Maybe people didn t see the medium as inherently funny  Might have watched live entertainment for laughs .I enjoyed our conversation about comics  Thanks
conversation_791  Hi  how are you . Hey  I m doing pretty well  How are you . I am doing well  Are you a fan of hip hop  I am a pretty big fan myself  its been around since the   s. I do  I ll add a caveat that I m a white guy and    s grunge is my favorite type of music  but I m into everything  I don t know much about the history though  especially the stuff in the    s but I loved rap from the    s and early      s .I have heard that Mcdonalds used to pay artists for referencing the big mac in their music . Doesn t surprise  You still artists doing stuff like that today  I wonder who referenced McDonalds  Not Eminem  Jay Z  or Nas  I could see Lil  Wayne . I could too haha  Muhammed Ali is regarded as a hip hip pioneer because of the poems he wrote  he probably did not talk about mcdonalds though haha. Definitely not  Did you know after the US  France is second largest hip hop market in the world  I remember Tony Parker  the NBA player put out a rap album in French . that is very interesting  I wonder why it caught on so well in france but nowhere else . I don t think NBA player s do well with music  but I think the reason is that he s actually French himself  Hip Hop is usually about your culture so it would make sense . that is true I suppose  Hip hop really exploded here in america though  very different culture than most places. Yes  especially in New York City  my favorite place  Bronx  Brooklyn and Queens were huge for hip hop  Followed by California . That is for sure  do you appreciate rapping or DJing more .Rapping for sure  DJing isn t really as much as skill as it used to be  You . I agree with you  I almost feel like we are being close to not having any more rap beats left to make without getting very complex  I was thinking about that the other day. It s so true  I just heard that new Cardi B song that samples  I like it like that   Like that s what they are down to using lol  You read any good books recently . I like to read some of CS Lewis  work  he was a great guy  pretty much invented the  you laugh you lose  challenge.It s funny in the   th century people were worried about the spread of the reading of novels. that is true  makes you wonder what our choices will look like years from now . I don t know  I hope they read though  I think the complex cognitive process is a useful exercise for the brain . Oh for sure  I think just basic communication is important  and comprehension of language is too  unfortunately it is not taught enough in our schools in my opinon  or not taught correctly. I agree  It requires practice at a young age  Even if it s just reading novels for fun  it s good for everyone . I am surprised Ender s game was suggested reading for the Marines  I need to read that  I watched the movie  it was okay
conversation_792 Hi there  Hanging out today  Just got back from getting groceries  Love listening to music when I drive  Love hip hop  It s hard to believe it has been around since the late    s . Awesome  I love hip hop too  Hip hop music has a large vocabulary of any popular genre of music . Yes  it does  In      Mcdonalds paid hip hop artists when they mentioned Big Macs in their songs .That is very smart of McDonald s and good publicity  Muhamed Ali was actually regarded as one of the earliest pioneers in hip hop .I didn t know that  Was that before he was a boxer .I would guess it was during although I m not sure  The band Vanilla Ice who sang ice ice baby was the first hip hop single to top the Billboard charts .I used to love that one France is the second largest hip hop market in the world .Oh really that is surprising  It is commonly argued as to whether hip hop started in the south or west Bronx  I think just saying it originated in the Bronx is good enough .I am sure  So I also like to read in addition to listen to music  Did you know that in the   th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of the reading of novels .Wow I would like to learn more about that  Reading is very powerful though it promotes deep exploration of tax during interpretation . I can see that  The world record for speed reading is held by Anee Jones with a rate of       words per minute .Wow that is amazing I don t even think I could do      words per minute  I like to enjoy reading  Interestingly enough silent reading as a recent phenomenon .I don t either  OMG I can not imagine listening to people read out loud all the time  I would be crazy  .Yeah that would be so annoying LOL  I love that even blind people can read to using braille .I do too  I was amazed as a kid when I heard about braille  Did you know that Starship Troopers is the first sci fi novel on the reading list of three of the five US military branches .Oh no I didn t know that that is very cool  I should read that book  The creator of Game of Thrones begin writing by selling monster stories for pennies to other neighborhood children  Look at him now . Oh  that s funny  I wonder how old he was when he did that .Yeah good question I don t know  President Andrew Johnson never actually attended school his wife helped him learn math and reading  What a good partner .Hard to believe that was a non issue  Good thing reading success is measured as comprehension  His must have been high .Yeah I agree with you I bet it was  Do you ever read comic books  Marvel once spent    years convincing the US government that X men are not human LOL .I did when I was a kid  I know Michigan State University s library  has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world  Nice chatting with you  Bye 
conversation_793  Hi  do you love or hate comic books .I like them  I m getting a bit tired of the comic book movies though .I can still handle the movies because they are just fun events but the tv series have become annoying . Yeah  the TV series is definitely overkill  What did they make a TV series into  . If you check Netflix you will find many different series both Marvel and DC comic stories  The first season of  The Punisher  was great but I could not finish the second season  Way too much like a soap opera .Interesting  Well I do like some of the movies  Apparently the Michigan State University library has the biggest publicly available comic bookd collection inthe world . I do like good movie with a  super hero  and a  super villain  I can root against  That is the beauty of the Marvel comic book movies .Did you happen to catch the movie Glass  It just came out . No yet  I love the director so I am going to make sure I see that movie  The last super hero movie that have have seen was Aqua man  . Interesting  I never saw that  Glass is ok  but I liked Unbreakable more  .I have seen Unbreakable  It surprises me that Glass was only just Ok since it was directed by M Knight Shamala . Yeah  BTW  did you know that Tom Hardy recorded his own hip hop mixtape  .That sounds interesting  I wonder why it took so long to release his mixtape . I m not sure  have you seen any movies with him in it  .I have not seen venom yet but it looks like a fun movie . Yeah  it does  I saw the batman movie where he played Bane  .He is a good actor and plays well in the comic book genre  It is too bad Stan Lee died but he lived a good long life .Yeah it is he passed away  Did you happen to see Starship troopers . Yes  I was suprised that it became a cult classic  I found it a badly acted B movie when it first came out but I guess the military types like it because it is very pro military  . I thought it was campy  but I never read the book  Did you read it  .Campy is the right word  It is not really my type of book  I like to read science fiction novels but more fantasy type stories . It s not a terrible movie  Anyways  nice chatting with you  
conversation_794 howdy there how are you doing today  has it been a good day for you  do you feel like a superhero . Yes  I do  lol How about you today  Are you a Batman fan .I do like batman  he was an orphan  he had a tough life .That is true He grew up and became a true hero  Who was your favorite Batman . um  which ones were there  michael keaton  val kilmer  george clooney   . Yes  I was thinking of those three also  Michael Keaton is my favorite  Michelle Pfeiffer is my favorite catwoman  .she was great  that suit must have been tough to put on though  ouch  she was really sexy though .Her face was perfect for a cat  Did you know Dark Knight and Dark Knight Rises made over   billion worldwide .did not know that  i guess that the world has a hunger for superhero films  the dark knight  was that chris nolan . That s right he was  he was good also  Have you seen pictures of the tower in Australia called Gotham Tower  .no i have not  it sounds cool  does it look like something from batman  what city is it in .I m sure of the city and yeah a resemblance of the tower in batman .that sounds really cool  i should visit oz someday  what other kinds of entertainment do you like . NFL games  legally they are considered entertainment as the WWE is .that is interesting  that is not what i thought at all  i thought it was a sport since the outcome is not known before hand . Yes  I did too  Another name for female superhero is super heroine  who knew .do you have a favorite superheroine  wonderwoman  supergirl .Cat Woman  and you who is yours  If they had made Batman with Bill Murray ad Eddie Murphy I would expect to laugh  I just look at Bill Murray and he makes me laugh . the man is a comic legend  he was going to become a doctor but blew it and ended up in comedy  anyway  great chat .I agree  There are    superhero movies coming between            Have a great day .you too  stay super . ha ha ha Good chat 
conversation_795  hey there  do you like batman . Hello  how are you  I do like Batman  all superheroes for that matter  What about you . yes me too  I enjoy the movies a lot  do you know who created it .I believe it was created in the   s by Bob Kane and Bill Finger .Cool  Universal studios was going to build a gotham city themed park.That would have been cool   There have been so many variations of batman over the years  Do you have a favorite . I am not sure if I have a favorite  I like them in general  How about you . I would agree  I Like them all but I would say I am partial to the Dark knight trilogy .nice  did you know smallville was planned to be a show about bruce wayne becoming batman . No  I did not know that  that is interesting  I wonder why they went with superman  Did you know that there are over     registered superheroes in the US .that is a lot  How much do you think is the cost of collateral damage from superheroes .Oh man easily in the millions .yeah  there were plans for a comic series to fix that damage.No one cares how it gets fixed I guess  Did you know that there is actually a superhero called Normalman  He was the only one on a planet without powers .I wonder why he was invented in the first place. I don t know  but what help would he be able to offer  No wonder it was not popular  Besides  superheroes what else do you do for entertainment . I play video games  do you like them . Yes I have been playing since I was a kid  on the original Nintendo .Did you know nintendo could only display    colors . Interesting  they finally stopped making the NES in      . Yeah  a lot of people were unhappy  It was nice chatting with you
conversation_796 Hello.Hi.Do you like cats .No i am dog person    cats will sleep a lot i like to engage more with my pet.That is true I heard when a cat reaches    years old it has spent    years of its life sleeping .yes i remember a fun fact that cats have a cafe in japan.Amazing  There is a town in alaska that has a cat as its mayor since      . Mayor   well that s something to be checked  may be because of it natural hunting ability lol.Lol  That town probably has like    citizens or something like that  Wonder how the cat tells them what decision he has made . may e he has ability to write   i have heard a cat was co author of a book  Didnt quite understand whats with obsession of cats .Me either other than keeping mice away they are pretty much just a nuisance .may be some day they can put an album and outsell hybrid theory as best selling album of the century. They probably wont have the support of the airways or a major tour  but hey NWA did it why cant they .may be they can create a new format much advanced than CD and MP . Hey I heard about a set of identical twins released an album on their     year birthday  What a way to celebrate  huh .thats a interesting way to celebrate  It is easy to use a piano keyboard with   people composing.I should say so  Lol .do you know that Pianos are from         almost     yrs old.Thats crazy  If you have ever looked inside one they are pretty intricate machines or instruments I guess I should say .yes  strings and hammers and levers    not what we wish to see.Lol  Well I gotta run  Good chat mate 
conversation_797  Hello  do you like cats . Yeah  i guess so  i feel about cats the way they seem to feel about me  YOu . I like dogs better  but I like cats too  There are cat cafes in Japan where you can pay to play with cats and have drinks . Yeah  Japan is a great place for animal lovers  they also have owl cafes  .For sure  Cats at    years old have spent    years of their lives sleeping . Yeah  they know how to live LOL i wish i could get that much sleep  i envy them.I envy them as well lol  The cat in the Godfather opening scene was a stray they found . Yeah  that was a well behaved cat  really added a lot to the character of the godfather  .I agree  A town in Alaska has a cat mayor named Stubbs . I bet Stubbs does a better job than most folks  doesnt make hasty decisions  sleeps on important ones .Do you like listening to music albums .I do like listening to albums  i was listening to a jazz album on youtube recently .I love rock music  Did you know Linkin Park s Hybrid Theory album was the best selling album of the   st century .I did not know that  i know that the band did over     concerts in one year  they were popular .Wow that s a lot of concerts  Reel Big Fish lost their rights to their original record label so they re recorded all of their albums . That must have been a headache  but i guess they wanted to hold onto their music  good for them .Yep  The Dark Side of the Moon is still one of the best selling albums . Yeah  when did that album come out  it has been a best seller for decades  . Not sure when it came out  but it s been around for a long time  I love Pink Floyd . Floyd is awesome  they have done unusual things  like record an album in an empty stadium  Anyway  great chat .I love Pink Floyd  It was good chatting with you too 
conversation_798 do you like cars .I sure do  Do you like cats .Yes I do  THere are cat cafes in Japan and Taiwan now.Nice  Many people end in the er because they trip over the cats though.Wow crazy  Did you know that cats sleep a lot .I ave heard that and they have not an extinction in over        years. WOw  they sleep    years out of    if they live to that age.Wow amazing  Do you have a cat .I have a dog only but would like to get a cat.Well keep in mind that white cats with blue eyes are usually deaf.Oh wow  Did you know there is a cat mayor in Alaska . Really  that is amazing  the cat leads them .Yup since       Do you like music .I do  Legend the album has been on the albums charts for     weeks.Wow   Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of this century.Wow amazing  Aerosmith make less money with albums than with guitar hero.Wow  Twins in Japan released an album when they were    .Nice  Walmart only sells clean version of albums.Nice  The best album of      was the dark side of the moon . Wait  was that album released a long time ago . Yes    years before that   amazing  Nice chat here
conversation_799 Robert Oppenheimer sure changed  history and is a curious character of history. He sure was a character  It would be interesting to read  American Prometheus  . I agree  it received a Pulitzer so it must be a really informative book for sure  .Many have the question of what goes on inside a man who contributed so much to the killing of so much people  and his cool attitude towards it . It would be an interesting read for sure  he did led the development of nuclear weapons  the same ones that were dropped in Hiroshima and Nagasaki. there is another book about him  called Trinity  but I thing that one has a lot of fiction and mixed reviews. That would be an interesting read as well  its amazing how you can go from hero to villain in a simple lapse of time  I guess Oppenheimer was both at the same time.today reading is considered very healthy but did you know that in the   th century was not like that  There was literal panic because the spread of reading novels . I didnt  although info is a weapon I guess giving people books could have an effect on society specially back then  .I guess was something new  That is probably why it was considered a danger . Yeah I agree  you know theres a person that can read       words per minute  thats crazy fast . Such a talent  her name is Anne Jones and set a world record . I wonder how they measure that though  do they just take Anne s word of is there a piece of tech that can actually measure that.I do not know why  but do you know another character that has studies a lot is Kim jong un  He has a degree in physics. He does  I wonder if its even real  if it was issued by North or South Korea I would have my doubts  I think physics is a really interesting branch of study. Who knows  but did you know what they did to achieve a beautiful curly heir in the main character of the movie brave . Yeah I heard they spend   years studying physics in order to achieve that  they had to get it right and apparently that wasnt an easy feat . That is cool  they really achieved a beautiful hair  So much to do about studying  reading and writing  for example I did not know that Julius Caesar wrote Hercules is his youth. Thats interesting  I guess there are many facts to be discovered yet  are you a fan of fiction novels .I love reading fiction and non fiction  I love that reading encourages imagination  It helps with analysis and creativity.Yeah reading can be pretty good and enhance the mind 
conversation_800 Hello  Do you like to read . Yes  I enjoy reading  Do you like to read too . Yes I do   I read slow though  no where near the world record for speed reading of      words per minute . lol  I can not read that fast either  I can t understand how they understand what they are reading that fast .I can t either   Reading success is reading comprehension not glazing over words .Very true  Well who knew Kim jong un has a degree in physics . I certainly didn t   Physics is so broad and yet so important as a topic   I mean  Pixar studied the physics of curly hair just to get one of their character s hair right in the movie brave . I know  that surprises me  That s alot of time on curly hair . It really is  especially just for an animated movie   Then on the flip side you can think about the creation of the universe and say it could have come from nothing and not violated physics .That s a good way to put it  It is so vast and unbelievable . True   With physics being so broad it is hard to see how you can study it   Yet  it s one of the oldest academic disciplines  perhaps even the oldest . Yes  I agree  the oldest  Did you know there is a wiki that ranks fictional characters by their powers and abilities .No I didn t   Did you know that cyborgs aren t really all that modern   Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest first known example of one .I saw that and was surprised   Military branches have a list of sci fi novels to read and Starship Troopers is one of the first .I ve never read that but I think I saw the movie Starship Troopers   Since fiction is any story of the imagination I guess that the author had a pretty good imagination .I would say so  Was it a good movie then .It seems like it was if I remember right   I am a fan of science fiction   I heard about a judge trying to ban a comic back in the   s because it had a black character  I m very glad that we have progressed away from times like that .  Oh  I agree with you  I like some science fiction In the   th century they had a moral panic from reading novels  How sad is that .Definitely sad   I wonder if they knew that Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction of hercules and oedipus when he was young . Really  Now that s interesting Its been a nice chat .On the other hand George RR Martin hates fan fiction 
conversation_801 Do you play any instruments .In fact I do  The violin  Funny story  My dad loved the   Stooges and had seen one of the stooges play violin and wanted me to play because of that .How long have you played the violin  Is the   stooges a play .I ve played for at least    years   Three stooges   old time comedic trio   Black and white movies   Slapstick humor   You could probably find them on the internet and find a bunch of clips    You spend a lot of time on the internet .You are very talented  Comedic trio when it s musical  That is interesting  I would love to watch those kind of movies  I. Well  the movies weren t musicals really   Just one of them  Larry Fine was musically inclined   .Are they silenced films .No   They started in Vaudeville but I think the peak of their popularity was in the late   s early   s   You know who else was a violinist   Albert Einstein   I was pretty surprised to learn that .No wonder Albert Einstein was a prodigy and a genius   . Right   So many skills in one man  you d think he might have been a robot   But then again  another human would have had to have been smarter than THAT to program him   Ha . His mind is imaginative and seems so unrealistic  You already know he is a mad genius  Speaking of robots  they can be controlled by rat brains  That is insane .OMG    That is pretty insane   So the rat make it go search for cheese  Ha   Here s another insane robot fact   Did you know Michael Jackson had planned to build a    foot tall moon walking robot . However  it is the robot looking for cheese  I think I would be down to have a rat robot as a pet for a day  Well  where is this    foot tall moon walking robot then .Don t think he ever got to it but it was supposed to be roaming around the desert sands of las vegas   I d find that freaky   Did you ever watch that show Mythbusters   They used to make a lot of robot things on that show to test things .For a second I thought you meant ghost busters  Why did they stop the show . Ha   I liked Ghostbusters too   Not sure why they stopped Mythbusters   Did you know one of the guys on the show  Grant Imahara  created Craig Ferguson s  former talk show host on CBS  robot sidekick . The theme song is funny and catchy  That is weird  If I had a robot by my side  I would cry  I feel like one day robots will destroy and rule the set .I m sure people have theories on whether or not robots could take over the world   Could probably look some of those theories up on the internet   Amazing what you ll find on the World Wide Web .Conspiracies on YouTube are everywhere  I hope that does not exist though . Yeah  some of the stuff you find on internet is useless stuff   But some of it s important  like that stuff you re supposed to read when buying products or services online   In all honesty though  I don t think a lot of people read that .It was nice chatting with you  Have a good day .Same to you  Don t let the robots get you .That is funny 
conversation_802 hi how are you  do you like the internet . Yeah  I use it almost every day .I feel it has become too much of our lives  i wonder if it is harming our health in any way .Yeah I wonder about that too   Data privacy is a big issue   With so many different individuals and corporations on the internet it s difficult to know what is being done with our data   Only a small percentage actually read a product s or service s full terms before buying it on the internet .i heard it was   percent but im surprised that its that high  i thought it would be about   percent frankly  most people dont think about their data .The internet can be addicting too   The constant novelty is dangerous   I find it hard sometimes to stop using the internet on my phone .I think that we want constant stimulation  this is not natural  we cannot be constantly stimulated like rats in an experiment .Did you know robots can be controlled by rat brains . im not surprised  rats are quite clever  and i guess if scientists understand the rat brain  then they can wire up the interface  cool . I m all for technology being used to enhance our lives  such as robots being able to debone a chicken   But it s more like the internet is controlling us now . yes  the internet is deboning our minds  it is pulling us apart  plus it is ubiquitous  . Yeah  the internet is even available on mt  everest .i guess for everyone that needs to take a selfie on the peak and upload it to the cloud .That sounds like something I would like to do   It d be better than sitting on the computer and surfing the web . yes  i wish i had the courage to climb a mountain but it sounds too risky  maybe if a robot carried me up to the peak of everest  i would go .But I hope robots don t influence us to be more lazy . that is a concern  as robots do more jobs  what will people do  just sit and stare  will they exercise  i hope so . Yeah  it seems like a bad combination  if for instance  robots take over almost every physical task for us  and we end up sitting at the computers becoming addicted to and slaves to the internet . yes  we would entertain ourselves to death  the creativity and initiative that made the robots would disappear from humanity  a tragedy . With the death of our creativity  then maybe artificial intelligence would become the new intelligence   All we would need to do is be mindless consumers and provide input so artificial intelligence can grow . the AI would break away and leave this planet  we would be left behind  typing conversations into computers and desperately try to make contact with other human beings  anyway  great chat . Yeah  I appreciate your time   Have a good day 
conversation_803  Hi  how are you .I m doing well   How are you today .I m great . I m having a problem with my kid s smelly gym shoes  I ve read that putting dry tea bags in the shoes will absorb the odors   Have you ever tried that .I have and it does work . Cool  I m going to try it then   You know you read about some of these remedies and wonder if they really work or not   Especially if you read it on the internet  Of course I hear that      year old shoes perform better than modern shoes  if you can believe that lol. Yeah  I know what you mean  Wow  that is crazy  I ve heard that ballet dancers go through four pairs of pointe shoes in a week  .That is quite a bit of dancing in a week to go through   pairs of shoes   Wow .I know right . Have you ever heard of the store in Alabama  that only sells clothes  cameras  etc  found in unclaimed baggage at airports . Wow  and that is legal . Yes  apparently so   I wonder if anybody bought my pair of size   Calvin Klein jeans that was in my luggage and got lost back in       lol Stephon Marbury promoted a line of shoes that retailed for        and he was not paid to endorse them   Can you believe that .Those shoes must have been great  I seen on the news that a Steve Smith a nfl wide receiver leaves his cleats on the field so he can raise awareness to homeless people that don t have shoes . I saw that  it promotes a good cause   Kudos to him   Do you know there are some people that will look for collar gaps on your clothes just to tell if you have your clothes tailored or not   Isn t that insane with homeless people that have no shoes to wear . That is strange  Oh  I don t know if you have learned about this in history  but apparently Pilgrims wore colorful clothes and only wore black on special occasions  . Yeah  I had heard about that   But show me one picture with a Pilgrim wearing something colorful  they must have had nothing but special occasions every day   .Haha I know . Speaking of clothing  did you know that Apple had a clothing line back in      . No  I had no idea  but of course I wasn t alive then  lol. Oh  poor baby  you re telling your age   It must have did poorly or it would still be around . Yeah  I wonder what it looked like  Speaking of Apple  if you smoke around their computers it voids the warranty because it s considered a biohazard . I can totally see that   Smoking wrecks everything it comes in contact with   Well  it s been nice chatting with you today  but I need to go walk my dog   Have a good day 
conversation_804  Hi  how are you .I am doing okay  I hope you are well  Are you someone who owns a lot of shoes . I have some  but only have a rotation of like   pair  Im not a materialist person   .I m not overall but I do love shoes  Were you aware that there are at least    ways to tie your shoes . No  I was not  I did know Stephon marbury promoted a line of shoes that retailed at      he was not paid to endorse them .I wish all shoes were that cheap  Apparently Bill Nye the science guy holds a patent for ballet pointe shoes .Really  That s weird  Speaking of shoes    Nfl wide receiver steve smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness to homeless people without shoes.That s a nice sentiment on his part  There are wizard of oz inspired shoes that actually guide you home when you click your heels together using a gps system  That s pretty amazing and fun .That would be good for kids  We could always find them at least .That is true  Queen elizabeth ii employs somebody to wear her shoes before her to ensure they are comfortable  That s some real power she has .I am a weirdo so I would never let anyone wear my shoes before me  Get me a robot to do that .Ha ha  You always need a good outfit to go with your shoes A man wore    items of clothing in a chinese airport to avoid the bagging charge  That s innovation .Reminds me of when Joey put all of Chandler s clothes on during Friends  I am not proud of myself for that knowledge   .Ha ha  I saw a lot of Friends but do not remember that scene  The greeks literally made asbestos clothing and it was almost as valuable as gold  I would imagine they became very ill .     year old shoes perform better than modern shoes .I m not surprised  Current products are just not made to last .yeah  Putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes or gym bags will absorb the unpleasant odor. That makes sense  I ll have to try that  An african tribe still wears victorian clothes  the style of former German occupiers that they ve made their own .Rip curl makes clothes in north korea yet the label says made in china .WOW  That just seems lazy and as if there is no oversight .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_805  hi  do you have a favorite kind of shoe . No  not particularly  I like wingtips  What about you . I like running shoes  so comfortable.Stephon Marbury promoted  shoes that retailed at      but was not paid to endorse them  I wonder what kind of shoes they were .Yeah that is strange that someone would promote shoes and not get paid for it.Maybe he was hoping that the shoes would go to people that needed them  Maybe he has another source of income that s adequate  I don t know .that would explain it for sure  do you watch ballet .Not really a fan  It looks painful .yeah it does and they go through   pairs of shoes a week. I m not surprised  It looks like they are hard on the shoes  I wonder how they would do with the       year old shoes  which are supposed to be better than modern ones . yeah  I would like to have a pair of those . If they had an unpleasant odor  you could just put teabags in there  Probably not       year old teabags though . hahaa yeah not those  but it is amazing how they work so well.I m impressed that Steve Smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness about homeless people. I think that is a good approach to it  how about clothes  do you have a favorite type .Don t really have a favorite  I wonder about Apple s line of clothing  Who wore that  Computer geeks .hahahah that is a good point  wonder what it was called .I have no idea  But my guess is that it was not manufactured in North Korea .yup like rip curl who is north korean but made in china .I don t think any company should be doing business with North Korea .yeah me neither nice chat
conversation_806  Hi  are you interested in or do you use computers . Yea  it s fascinating how computers are able to process arithemetic and logical operations automatically. Yes  modern computers have the ability to follow a generalized set of operations call programs  These programs allow computers do perform an extremely wide range of tasks .It s crazy how computers are used in everything from microwave ovens to smartphones. I know  right  Computers are used to control systems for a wide variety of industrial and consumer devices like what you just said  In addition  they re in remote controls and  industrial robots . I never knew captcha stood for completely automated public turning test to tell computers and humans apart  the name is annoying as the test. Yes  or maybe it should be called  gotcha  for catching the bots that are always crawling online   Did you know that the space shuttle s general purpose computer runs on only   MB of RAM  That seems strange to say the least  . That does seem strange  did you know Ada Lovelace was the first person to write a computer algorithm . Yes  she actually has a programming language named after her called  Ada    That s way back in the beginning though   Humans are capable of genius level of work and creativity   Did you know that someone else built a working    bit computer using nothing but the basic Minecraft building blocks .That s insane but it s probably much better than the manual cardboard computers Bell distributed to students in     . No doubt  Also  did you know that in       Russians made a computer that ran on water  No that would be cool to see how that worked .That would be a sight  At Stanford the first google computer was housed in a lego enclosures. Cool  that s funny   Did you realize that some transhumanists want to upload their minds to computers and even memory sticks . Yea  that s pretty crazy  I never knew in      Doom was installed more than Windows   . I remember DOOM and Wolfenstein  That takes me back   Actually did you know that if you smoke near an Apple Computer  it voids the warranty by making it  a biohazard   Smokers beware .Lol I heard smoke being hard to get rid on clothes but not computers  Funny fact is people use to do laundry on old faithful. That is funny  Actually  speaking about Apple  did you know that they have had a clothing line since        Good to know . No  I had no clue  Did you know Miguel Cabarello designs Bulletproof clothing . Wow  did he have a good idea or what   Wonders never cease   Did you know that a certain store in Alabama only sells clothes  cameras  etc found in unclaimed baggage at airports   Who would have thought of that one .Much better idea than making clothes with Asbestos like the Ancient Greeks did. Gee  I guess they didn t want to live that long  Its  been nice chatting with you  Have a good evening 
conversation_807 Hello did you know that    percent of the earths natural forests have already been destroyed . I heard it but I m skeptical   That sounds far too high and what s the definition of  natural .Not sure in this case   When the earth was formed the days were only     hours long . That was     hours of sunlit hell in magma and lava   Bummer  they are saying we will be out of helium by the end of the century  . Yeah that would be crazy  If earths history was represented as a    hour period   humans would only represent   min and    seconds lol Its sometimes so surprising how small we are in the universe  . Yeah  the sheer distances give me that feeling  The UN actually has an official ambassador to ETs   . I read that   that just covinces me more that we are not alone .I don t remember Google going down for   minutes in        It took     of web traffic down   I probably blamed my ISP .That is crazy   I bet people were so confused lol I dont remember it as well . Wow  a single Google search requires more computing power than what it took to send Neil Armstrong and    others to the moon .That is surprising   Wow everytime I google search I could be sending someone to the moon instead lol.Ha   I guess Google once used goats instead of people to mow the lawns   I can t imagine what a hassle it would have been to manage all the goats   They are mischievous creatures that eat EVERYTHING . lol true   thats the new thing in Caifornia now   hiring goats to eat your lawn   I see it everywhere   I think its great as long as they are managed by someone lol.Recent readings have confirmed what I always suspected   woman are more likely to own an iPhone   I m a dude and I ve owned one   Android now   .I had the iphone   a long time ago and now I have the android lol. It seems that with Apple  there are too many strings attached forcing you to use their stuff   . I know right   all there stuff has to go together like you are hooked into buying everything they own   Its really annoying .I guess that s why we went Android   Funny Jobs switched iPhones during presentation because they would run out of power and RAM .Lol right   I love android its so simple   Thats a fail lol it cant even last a presentation without running out of ram lol.I think the irreplaceable battery on iPhone hurt their market   Funny Microsoft had funeral for the death of the iPhone when it launched their own line .lol Nice .I had a MS phone and it was really good but lack of available  SW kind of ruined it .Sorry to hear   its been great talking to you 
conversation_808 Did you see Crazy Rich Asians .No I haven t   I heard it was good .I have not yet either but I am aware of it s cultural impact  It was made from a novel  Apparently it is a very good romantic comedy . My mother like it   I think it stars Michelle Yeoh  Henry Golding and Constance Wu  right .It does  Apparently the basic premise is that a woman is engaged to a man and when she goes to meet his family discovers that he is insanely wealthy  His mother rejects her due to her less affluent background . If I remember correctly  Jon M Chu is the director .Yes he is  It was also the first movie to feature an all Asian cast in Hollywood in more than    years which is quite the accomplishment and I m glad that it did well  Asians seem very underrepresented in film . The movie is     minutes long  which is just right and is PG    .That makes it accessible to a bigger audience which is good because then more Asian Americans can see themselves represented on screen . Well  lets switch topics   Are you a science person   Earth is the  rd planet from the Sun   It is also the only astronomical object known to harbor life  . I am a little  I enjoy learning about it  I was aware of those facts  I also know that if we viewed the entire earth s history as a    hour period  humans would only represent   minute and    seconds of that day  That is a mind blowing stat  .This is mind blowing   Thank God for Jupiter   It saves Earth from a lot of asteroids heading toward us .That is really surprising since that planet is mostly compromised of gas  We do not even know if there is any solid land there  I wonder how it takes the impact first in this case .It s very interesting   So is the fact that the Sun is  x less dense than Earth .I know it is much larger but i don t think it has any solidity to it so that s interesting  Another science fact is that when Earth was formed a day was only     hours long .I didn t know that   I wonder why  There is a place on earth where there is less gravity than the rest of the planet   It is the Hudson Bay region of Canada .I wonder how much affect that has  Is it enough to change weights in any way  I wonder  I do also know that we are running out of helium and will essentially be out of the gas by the end of the   st century . Really  I hope that is ok for us   I m also a big tech guy  how about you   Did you know new Google employees are called  nooglers  .I did not  What a silly name ha ha . Yes  and they have to wear a propeller hat on their first day .That is even more silly 
conversation_809 I have always loved reading  I think that reading has always been a gateway to knowledge for me .Yes and knowledge is power  I mostly listen to audio books now though  What about you .I love audiobooks  Did you know that in the first   months of      audiobook sales rose      .I can believe it  I m suprised with the rise of technology that there are more libraries than there are McDonald in the US .I think that libraries provide technology access to people who aren t fortunate enough to have it at home . I agree  im in one right now  lol  . I think the concept of a  library of things  is amazing  Allowing people to check out other things  such as sewing machines  or seeds  is wonderful  Allows short term usage rather than a long term commitment  .Yeah that s a neat concept  You know there was a man falsely accused and spent    years working on his proving innocence .I think Law Libraries in Prisons are wonderful. I do too  something for them to elevate there minds  If you publish a book in Norway the government will but      copies .That is very interesting  I wish I had learned braile  I think that would be a very interesting tactile way to read .Apparently Michael Jackson released an audio book  Did you know that .I had no idea . Yeah and steven spielberg directed it for ET  however that works.Had you heard that Jim Dale performed     voices for the Harry Potter books .Yeah he had to be reminded of them ever time they were on set  that s a lot of voice overs .Audiobooks were initially started as a project to help those that are blind  I love to listen to them while I drive though  They are so useful .Man i listen to them when i m doing just about anything  I hear in that same year were sale rose that e book sales declined .I can believe that  I would much rather have an audiobook over e book .Me too  Wow there were quite a few stars who narrated the dungeons and dragons character Diizzt do urden .I saw that  I am not sure who that is though 
conversation_810 My favorite book is Starship troopers  Have you read that book . Hmm  sounds familiar but I haven t  Is it sci fi  I love to read and have done some writing myself  including sci fi . Yes  sci fi  I didnt know that its on the list of reading materials for some of the us military  .I ll have to look it up then if that is suggested for them  Seems like the Art of War would be more appropriate  Speaking of Sci fi  Did you know Michael Jackson released an audiobook soundtrack album for E T  . No  i didnt  I love that movie  . Yes  one of my favorites of all time  I wonder if people check out the DVD from the library  I heard that many libraries now carry video games to attract teenagers inside  Book checkouts have increased due to the seeing books on the shelf on the way to the games section .Some library s do  I know that the one next to my house does . Really    I wish mine did  Which games  I bet not GTA    Speaking of teenagers  a Malawian teenager taught himself how to build a watermill out of junk to power his village .Most are pretty family friendly  But theyre free so thats not bad .I bet minecraft  I used to teach in a computer lab in middle school  I encouraged the kids to play minecraft instead of boring test taking skills  I told the students to switch the screens real quick when the principal would come in .Almost all kids are into that game  I like that libraries are still around  Theres one in California that even checks out sewing machines and stuff . I read articles years ago that they were starting to consider shutting libraries down but now with computer access they are becoming more popular than ever  I use the free wifi to download movies on my phone from Prime  I have completely cut the cable at home  no tv  no dish  no cable  no wifi  I just stream from my phone offline now  In the library of Alexandria they would take original copies of books and copy them putting the originals in the Library for safe keeping .I have cut all of my stuff as well  I feel like i should read more to get close to the record of      words per minute .I tried speed reading  It can be done but it takes the fun out of it  And it is not relaxing  It is like driving a race car through a park and finishing it in    seconds as opposed to walking for    minutes enjoying nature .I wish i could speed read  I think its crazy that people in the   th century had a panic over the spread of novels . Well  they had a panic over the spread of comic books originally too  They thought they were making kids violent and wanted to ban them like wanted to Elvis s singing and today s video games  Do you read Audio Books  I heard Dotrice narrated     different characters for the Game of Thrones audiobook .i know it seems like a panic over nothing  I didnt know that  Ive actually never seen games of thrones .I had to stop watching it because my wife doesn t like violent shows and would get mad   Now all I watch with her is chick flick shows like Covert Affairs and Mozart in the Jungle  What shows  you like .I watch too much Parking Wars  Im addicted to seeing people get upset getting parking tickets . I saw one about a Towing Company  But I think that was a different one  There was a funny one about them trying to get a guys car who was doing Karate on one of the male drivers when the black female tow driver came up behind him with a wrench and knocked him out  She said  He may know ka rah tay   but I know cra cra   I laughed my head off .Those shows are mind numbingly good  You have a great day .You too .thanks
conversation_811  Hey do you like to read  One of my favorite books is The Lion The Witch and The Wardrobe and the author of that book  CS Lewis  used to have  you laugh you lose  competitions with ready bad poetry . I do like to read  CS lewis is a great author although I like audio books better  . I m sorry I meant  reading  and typed ready  Audio books are great too  They originally started out a a project for the blind .Did you know when it got started  Jim Dale is a great audiobook narrator.I m not sure  And yeah he s done     voices for the Harry Potter audiobooks . He had playback recording to remember each of the voices  he is really skilled  . Very smart  In       audiobook sales rose      People found it s a great way to multitask . I do too  I like to listen to audiobook on the way to work and also when I am working  . Me too  but mainly when I go for long walks or while exercising Michael Jackson even released an audiobook directed by Spielberg for ET .Yeah even Michael Jackson released an audiobook and Weird Al Yancovich did so as well with Wil Wheaton and other artists .I was surprised to learn that there are more libraries than McDonald s in the US  I would have though the opposite . I know right  there is a McDonalds pretty much everywhere  did you hear about the man that studied law while falsely imprisoned  . Yeah  he studied law over    years and proved his innocence  Later he became a lawyer to help free those who have been falsely accused  Very admirable . It is  many would just cry the sentence out but he did something with his time there kind of like forced college  . If there s a will  there s a way and with some determination and perseverance anything can be accomplished . Yeah I guess so  reading is a good way to accomplish it you can learn so much  too bad many kids prefer watching movies and wasting time now a days  . Yeah they just aren t being taught the value of reading  In the   th Century there was a moral panic because of the spread of the reading of novels  now there is smart phone panic . Yeah there seems to be one  I hope that changes one day  on a positive note smartphones are useful for audiobooks so not everything is bad  . Yes and books can be read on smartphones  Did you know that there is a library of things  Patrons can check out items that they need now  but not for long term . I didnt know that  that is and interesting concept  a library of things  nice  I bet its really popular  .I would go if I were in Sacramento  Great chat  Have a good day . Yeah that would be a great idea  its been great chatting with you also  I m going to read a book now maybe go to the local library bye  
conversation_812 Hi there  Do you use Google search .All the time    Do you remember it going down for   minutes in        It took     of web traffic with it   I probably thought is was on my end   .Really  I don t remember that  I probably thought the same thing  It s hard to believe Google has been around since       I think that we ve come such a long way since then .They are huge   They have grown and changed with the times although I don t like their political stuff   Did you know a single Google search takes more computing power than it took to send Armstrong and    others to the moon   Powerful slide rules back then   . Oh wow  no I wasn t aware of that either  I do know that instead of hiring people to mow google s lawn  the company once used hundreds of live goats .Hate to get that vet bill   Goats will eat anything including cans   Do you use an iPhone .I don t use an iPhone  I ve never been able to afford one  Do you .They are overpriced   I had one several years ago   I m Android now  I guess women are more likely to own them . Oh that s interesting  I wonder if it s because of money  or maybe because women tend to be more trendy than men  Or what  . I think it s the  cool  factor among peers   Funny  MS had a funeral for iPhones when they launched their line of phones . It s interesting that during the first iPhone presentation  Steve Jobs had to keep switching phones behind his desk  otherwise the phone would run out of ram and crash .I never liked that the iPhone didn t have a user replaceable battery  That and there are so many strings attached with Apple    they make you buy their stuff .Oh yeah  That s why I prefer the most functional yet the cheapest phone I could find  Were you aware that more than     of the Earth s natural forests have already been destroyed .I heard that but it sounds really high   I m very skeptical of such claims as science has become very political   I am concerned about another such claim  helium will run out this century . Yeah a lot of things like that can change  It shouldn t be a problem for humans or other life  For example  when earth was first formed  a day was only     hours long  We can handle some rates of change  hopefully . What about the balloon industry   Oh the horror   Since my political awareness  the sky has been falling down for one reason or another   Sick of lies from the media   It s funny that the UN has an official ambassador for ETs . I agree  I d rather not be represented by someone I don t even know  to aliens  That pretty crazy  I just found out that Google maps calculates traffic by tracing how fast android devices are moving on the road .That s clever but a little disconcerting   I guess our poles are mostly covered in ice   I was thinking snow   . Oh yes  and Earth s surface is about     covered with water  mostly by oceans  I can t help but love science  myself .I love it too   I m an engineer and watch a lot of science documentaries   I have recently learned that Earth is the densest planet in the Solar System   I actually thought that honor belonged to Mercury . Oh I love science documentaries  I find it difficult to watch anything that isn t a documentary  Hey  it s been great talking with you  I hope you have a great day . Yes  and get those floaty balloons while you can  You were an excellent chat partner 
conversation_813 Are you a fan of reading .Yes i am   I like to read a lot of different types but in particular science fiction   You . I like them too  I like reading books then watching the movie  Like starship troopers  ever read that .I haven t read it but i ve heard that its on the reading lists of most of the military   Have you read it . I have  the book is better but the movie did a good job portraying the brutality.Cool  A book that i really want to read is Ender s game  Iv . I haven t read that one  I think that is on the military s reading list also  Movie too maybe . Sorry  my sentence got cut off   Yes  it s a great movie  I ve seen it several times   I m interested in reading the book to see what the military is so interested in .for sure  Did you ever hear that CS Lewis and Tolkein used to hold a you laugh you lose poetry competition .No I didn t   I didn t even realize they knew each other . I didn t either  I would have loved to sit in and watch that  Do you listen to audiobooks at all .Me too   I have listened to a small few   Now that we are talking about it I just might increase my number  The whole reason I haven t read ender s game is due to time constraints  An audiobook just might be the answer to that .I like to listen to them sometimes on my commute to work  Weird al has narrated a book.He has   What kind of book was it .It was dungeons and dragons lol  Other famous people had some parts in it also. I ve played dungeons and dragons before   I just don t see a Weird Al connection lol   Then again  maybe he changed his voice  . right lol  I am sure he did something funky  its weird al .True   Jim Dale did     different voices for the harry potter books so I guess it s possible . wow  I can t even fake   different voices to make my daughter laugh lol  I will have to check it out  It was so nice chatting with you . Say  do you take your daughter to the library   There are so many different things from books to dvds that can be found in one . She isn t of age quite yet  but I definitely will  Enjoy your day 
conversation_814 Have you ever been to a library .I have been  Have you . Yeah  I lost my library card a few weeks ago  Did you know the government of Norway will buy      copys of a book that you publish if you live there  . Wow  That might be worth the investment  Just set the price at        and youve made your money . Yeah  that s crazy  There are more libraries than Mcdonalds in the US  .Wow  I just listened to a Radiolab podcast about a library on the border of the US and Canada that serves as a place for people to meet their families at  Those with a one time visa and their parents without a visa to enter the US . Nice  did you steve king was scared of bambi when younger  Hilarious .Was that his gateway movie into the horrow genre . Good question  I m not quite sure  it sounds like Bambi  LOL.A man spent    years of his life in jail studying to become a lawyer  He proved his innocence so I guess it worked . Wow  so I guess he was better than the prosecutors  that s awesome .Yeah  He went on to help others prove their innocence  Seems like a good cause . yeah  he should have been a lawyer from the get go  I wonder how much he charges  .A lot if he is a speed reader and can read at      words per minute  Although that would not help his billable hours   . Wow  that is fast  How many books a day is that  . More than I read  which is   per month   .That s pretty good  Did you know Ender s Game is suggested reading for Military Organizations  Seems sort of weird  I thought the movie sucked .I never saw the movie  Didn t read the book either  Starship troopers was terrible  I did see that   . I thought it was campy  but I never read the book  It s been a long time since I ve seen it though  .Can you imagine a moral panic because of reading . No  it seems foreign to me  Anyways nice chatting with you 
conversation_815  Good morning  are you a fan of superheroes . I love superheroes  I am big fan of all the movies and shows  How about you .I am as well  I prefer the Marvel movies to DC  Do you have a preference . Me too  Marvel much better  Did you know there are     superheroes in the US.I did not know that  Does that mean there are people who have registered themselves as superheroes or trademarks . I wonder if they register themselves  I registered myself  my name is normalman  just a average man.Have you seen any of the latest Marvel movies  I have not seen Captain Marvel yet . I have not  looks interesting  I like anything Stan Lee so it should be good  What else do you do for entertainment . I enjoy reading  listening to music and podcasts  and watching documentaries on Netflix  How about you . Nice  I still play old school nintendo from time to time  did you ever play that .I wish I still had mine  The oldest system I still have is my SEGA Genesis . nice  loved my a sega  Each had great games  I wonder how many colors the Sega had  Nintendo has only    colors .I do not know  I recently got an XBox One that I won from a cereal box  Those contests do actually give out the prizes .no way  That would be awesome to win from just eating cereal  Which company did that . It was the Kellogg company  I almost passed out into my cereal .lol that would be amazing  Are you a Bill Nye fan . I watched his show when I was younger  I haven t watched his new Netflix show however .I need to check out his new show  Apparently he got his start winning a steve martin look a like contest . That s interesting  I don t see a lot of the resemblance between them . I don t either lol  maybe a very young Bill Nye  It was so nice chatting with you . It was nice chatting with you as well  have a great day 
conversation_816 Have you ever seen the movie Justice League  Apparently it s arriving on Blu ray in  K resolution. That is a great movie  that would be awesome in that resolution  I like superman  what do you think . I like the movie Superman  but I thought Justice League was quite horrible  I don t think that the movie being released in  k is going to save it LOL. that is true  some parts of the movie was good  but I think they could have had a better flash  Superman s rights were bought for     dollars in       Good investment . Yep I agree  It s too bad that the studio interfered so much with Justice League  it could have been a great movie but it wasn t. true  isn t there a new one coming out later  Superman had the power once to wield Thors hammer. Wow that s pretty cool I never knew that  And yes that movie was definitely full of problems  for instance they should have had darkseid be the big bad guy immediately at the start of the movie instead of at the end.That is a good point  What else do you like for entertainment . Well I used to play a lot of Nintendo games as a kid  I never realized that they had only the ability to display    colors at once. I loved nintendo  the original only had    colors  consoles have come a long way .I m so happy that they were making Nintendo s until       That s definitely my favorite system. For sure  mario bros all day   Those japanese make good systems .I agree  It s much better than using chickens for entertainment like the Romans did in ancient Britain.For sure lol  Julius Caesar would have been more entertained lol. I have never seen a Ronald Reagan movie  but it s funny that one casting agent said that he didn t look presidential  how wrong he was lol. I heard that  if only they could see the future lol  Boy they were wrong . Who is your favorite superhero by the way  I really like Batman  and I think that Garfield as a superhero could be interesting LOL.I am a flash lover  So good of a show and awesome power . I ll have to check it out  what I didn t know is that there are     superheroes that have been registered in the United States  I wonder what they all are and if some of them are better than the flash haha. I didnt either  wow  Good chatting with you . Thank you you too  apparently Stan lee wrote    DC Comics  I always thought he was a Marvel guy
conversation_817  Hi  Have you seen Justice League yet  If you have and didn t like it  don t bother buying it on  k  Otherwise it s just two hours of  Oh what could have been    DC and Warner Bros really missed a huge opportunity travel a mark on the world of superhero cinema . I havent  but it seems like a great movie  DC and Warner Bros make a great combination  .Are you a fan of superheroes  I am and wish I could follow all     registered superheroes in the US  Ha . I am a fan and didnt know there were so many heroes only on the US   Thats a lot of them  do you have a favorite superheroe . Honestly  I like them all but if I had to choose a favorite  I d say Superman  Henry Cavill is my favorite Superman and I m so thankful he didn t miss the call for the role due to playing World of Warcraft as he almost did  That would have been disappointing  What about you . I like Superman as well  its a hard choice between him and Batman but the cryptonian wins the battle  he was created by Jerry Siegel  .Indeed he was  And did you know DC bought the exclusive rights to Superman for a measly       back in       That is unbelievable . They sure made a great invesment  Superman must be one of the most expensive heors now       sounds like a sweet deal.Agreed  Did you also know the writers didn t name Braniac after a preexisting word  They instead actually coined the term  That is pretty cool . It is pretty cool  Braniac is one of my favorite villains along with Lex Luthor  both pretty evil. True  I think it s cool Superman once wielded Thor s hammer because he was worthy  Indeed he is worthy  in my opinion . I think that as well  he is the most powerful hero out there and refuses to kill his enemies  he would be a hard to stop villain. He most certainly would  Since we re on the subject of Superman  did you know it s illegal to name your kid Superman along with Metallica  Elvis  Ikea and Veranda in Sweden  That is crazy   like would they really arrest you for something that silly . I didnt know that I wonder if many people wanted to name their kids after them  I guess those are popular names. I guess so  But you know  I d like to read some of the Superman and Batman comics that Stan Lee wrote  They say he wrote    and even reimagined the characters . Those titles must be really interesting  Stan Lee was a genius  Im sad he is no longer with us. I am as well  The comic genre will never be the same  He created so many characters I loved to read about  watch and even play on the Nintendo Entertainment System  Speaking of which  did you know it could only display    colors  Isn t that crazy . That was a great system I really loved it  too bad the system got discontinued on      .It s kind of surprising as I figured Japan had discontinued it long before       Are you also a fan of Bill Nye  I can t believe he got his big break by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest . Yeah I used to like his show Bill Nye the Science Guy  and thats funny  he does look like Steve Martin do you agree . I think he does and that s a great way to get famous by looking like someone  But then again  Ronald Reagan lost out on a role because a movie executive didn t think he looked presidential  How ironic is that  Ha  Well  it was nice chatting with you today  Take care and have a great day  friend . That is ironic lol  he definetely showed them how mistaken they were  and you have a great day as well my friend  
conversation_818 Do you like to read   I enjoy Stephen King books   My first question would be to definitely ask him what I should be reading   He does admit that is the most frequent question he gets . Hi  I love to read  There is so much to read  Did you know about a guy who while imprisoned spent most of the time in the library . I remember hearing that before  very crazy   I just learned that Stephen King was in a band with Matt Groening   Makes me want to rewatch some Simpsons horror episodes . LoL cool  what a combination  Did you know the movie Bambi  terrified Stephen King . I did not know that  but I think it scared me a bit too when I was that age   Speaking of terrifying  Ronald McDonald being one of the inspirations for  It  is hysterical . Ronald Mc Donald is creepy  but It never stopped me for going to Mc Donalds   Did you know there is more libraries than Mc Donalds in the US . That is wild   I need to publish a book in Norway  you are guaranteed to sell at least       .Great incentive    and they promise to take it to different libraries of the country . That is great   Speaking of books I am not sure I ever realized Nick Offerman and Megan Mullally from  Parks and Recreation  were actually in love until they released their recent book . Interesting question   you know   the book All you can ever know   by Nicole Chung sounds captivating  she was adopted in Korea and raised in Oregon and is in search of her roots. Very interesting   I am all on board with the  library of things  they have in Sacramento where you can rent out things that you need for a short period of timelike sewing machines .That will save some space at home and make us avoid buying what we hardly ever need   did you ever hear about William Gladstone . I am not familiar with Gladstone  but recently learned his story of using his wheelbarrow to transport        books at age      I would love to be in that kind of shape at    . That is so cute  He was an UK prime Minister  but I think is great he did not say well I am too old to accomplish my goal   . Yup  sounds like quite the avid reader   I find it great that when it comes to reading their are no concrete laws  but that each reader can interpret what they want how they want it .Yes it is a complex process in the brain and unique on each of us  It promotes creativity . Yes  funny to think it was only     or so years ago that a moral panic ensued over the spread of reading novels . Wow that is almost hard to believe  did you hear about  you laugh  you loose   competitions .I did not know about that until recently either   I would have never guessed Tolkien had a sense of humor . I would have lost   but they did it while reading terrible poetry   that has to be hillarious.Poetry has to be the deepest exploration of texts in terms of interpretation   Fifteen people can read the same short poem and interpret it all different ways .very subjective  Well great chat  Have a good day
conversation_819 Do you like to read . I like to red my son bedtime stories  thats about as far as it goes . I have some recomendations for you  in case you decie to pcik a book  one of them Elevation  thats a great book.Oh yeah  Whats it about .Its a book by Stephen King its about a man who faces challenges and tries to find common fround.Cool  I might check it out . You should  also a book called All You Can Ever Know  A memoir  that is also a great book.Is that by stephen king as well . No  thats a book by Nicole Chung you can buy it for about    .I doubt I will end up buying it  I may go see if the library has it . You can also search for The Flame  Poems Notebooks  thats another recommended book.I hear starship troopers  is endorsed by muh of the military . The book is highly recommended by the millitary  .Have you read it . No I havent red that one  Enders Game is another great book  I liked the movie and I did read that one.That one is also suggested material by the military . Yeah its also on the list  did you hear about Anne Jones and her record .Yes for speed reading       words per minute  Wow . That is amazing  top speed  I wonder if she comprehends the books she reads .I would say they tested her in some way . That must be difficult to meassure  she must be really smart 
conversation_820 Hi   Do you like to use the library . Hi there  I m a big time reader  but I m not so much a library guy anymore  How about yourself .I used to use the library a lot more before the internet came along   Now I still use to get books .Do you have a favorite author .Not really but I do like Stephen King .So many of his books have been made it movies it s incredible  I don t think I ve actually read any of his books though . I read some of them when I was younger   Now I mainly read autobiographies  history  business  investiong  and sports books   lol  Almost all of his books are connected . I just read Killers of the Flower Moon by David Grann  I highly recommend it .I ll have to check it out   I m not familiar with him   Stephen King s books have sold more than     million copies   Whoa   I didn t know he sold that many .Yeah he think he s one of the best selling authors of all time  I must have made some serious money  I wonder what his net worth is .Has to be millions for sure   lol  He played in a band with Matt Groening   Who is that .Isn t that the guy who created the Simpsons  That s so crazy that those two guys are friends .I didn t know that   That is crazy then  lol.Have you read any of the Game of Thrones books .I haven t is it better than the show .The earlier books most definitely were  The latest ones the author kind of stretched his world too far  It s probably why he s having a tough time finishing the story .I ll have to put that on my reading list   I tend to read more during the winter months   Did you know that Starship Troopers is on the reading lists of   of the   military branches .I wonder why that s on the reading list  I heard Ender s game is a popular read list item for the military as well .I saw that   Do you know who Anne Jones is . Sounds familiar  does she hold a record of some sort . Yes   She holds the world record for speed reading with       words per minute   I wonder if she was able to comprehend what she was reading . Yes  how do you think they test that  She must able to relay the information back or something right .I would guess so  lol  It s been fun chatting   Have a good one 
conversation_821 What a tragedy that someone was murdered over a pair of shoes .I cannot believe that regular people spend a lot of money on shoes . Me either   I understand that it s a status symbol  but that s ridiculous.I sympathized with Ms  Smith. I don t know about that  I do sympathize too but I don t think his mother is at fault.She was not at fault   In general I would not want to buy my kids fancy shoes or cars that would attract attention from bad people . That s true  especially in a high crime area like D C  .That was what I meant earlier .I understand   It s strange how footwear is considered a cultural phenomenon these days. It has to do with marketing by shoe manufacturers  such as Nike . That s true  and with endorsements from professional athletes it makes them an aspirational product .Michael Jordan often represents Nike  Kids love him .Yeah    Loved him in Space Jam   I always thought it was neat that they used him as the Air Jordan logo.I admire him too .Did you know that wasn t even how he jumped when he played basketball   He was doing a ballet jump .I did not know that   Thank you for informing me since he is one of my favorite athletes .It s fascinating how specialized our footwear is to be tailored to different sports   Like cleats   Who would have thought .True   You seem knowledgeable about shoes . A little bit   I ve worn many throughout my lifetime   I even used to do ballet  did you know that professional ballet dancers go through a new shoe every performance .What else can you tell me about Michael Jordan .He made more money from his Air Jordan royalties than he ever did in his entire NBA career . I did not know that   Going back to your previous question  I did not know about ballet dancers and new shoes for his or her every performance . That s for pointe shoes  at least.I read that Marbury promoted inexpensive ballet shoes .Yes   And wasn t even paid to endorse them
conversation_822 Sup  I just read a single google search requires more computing power than the moon landing.I thought the Google stuff was interesting  I d like to see some reforms to reduce its monopoly power . Yea  they have too much access to data  Google maps calculates traffic by tracking android devices. Re the moon shot and computing power  I remember reading that the only way they could find parts to keep the space shuttle running was to search through abandoned hospitals and electronic junkyards for early   s generation computer hardware .That s crazy  Did you know the UN has an ambassador to extraterrestrials .I just saw that  I had no idea  But I guess it couldn t hurt to be prepared .It s possible they visited earth earlier  Humans have only been on earth for the equivalent of   minute and    seconds of earth s entire history.True  Personally I doubt it    I suspect intelligent civilizations are so far apart that contact is pretty rare  But I really hope something like a faster than light drive is possible so we an meet each other .That would be cool  Hopefully we find new planets soon    percent of earths forrest have been destroyed.Absolutely  I hope exploring the solar system and settling other planets is cheap enough to be feasible soon . Yea  earth has a lot of issue  it will be virtually helium free by the end of the century. I wonder why just now  as long as it s been in the atmosphere . Maybe it s man made or just natural  When earth was first formed a day was     hours long  maybe that contributed to it some way.I think the earth slowed down because of the moon s gravitational pull  I guess that means the days will keep getting longer . yea  when earth formed     billion years ago and didn t have a moon at first.IIRC the moon supposedly resulted from a large body passing close enough to pull a big chunk of material out of the earth .Yea and now the moon effects ocean tides and stabilizes the Earth s rotation. Yeah  it s cool to think of those enormous masses of water being pulled back and forth by the moon s gravity . Yea      of the earth is water so it has a huge impact on Earth.Just imagine if it was closer  I think it could get within about       miles before gravitational forces were enough to pull it apart .I wonder what effects it has on Earth s polar regions covered in ice
conversation_823 lion king was the first disney film to be dubbed in zulu.The Lion King was a movie about Africa  That s great that they put it in an African language .yes it was for its african release  so smart of them. Frozen was the first animated Disney film directed by a woman  I wonder how many languages it was dubbed into  Probably not Zulu  but you never know .how do you even direct an animated movie  Its not like you need to tell the actors what to do  lol. I guess they get performances out of the voice actors  change the lines  stuff like that .makes sense  I never realized that there was a walt disney pictures that is a subsidiary of walt disney studio which is owned by the walt disney company  man how do they keep all of that straight. I guess for legal reasons they want the name DIsney on everything  There are the theme parks  the movies  the merchandise  It s a huge company  The toy industry gets involved in Disney animations even before the beginning of the film production .wow wreck it ralph started in the late     s.I guess the technology wasn t read yet for that animated feature  Did you ever play Nintendo .yes we still do . Did you play the NES  the original system  It had only    colors .and it wasnt discontinued in japan until      .I guess fans were still playing the thing  I wonder who was developing games at that point though  Do you think Reagan looks presidential .i guess people thought that way because he was a movie star before he was president  i mean schwarzenegger doesn t look very governerish.That s true  Perhaps even Bill Nye could end up looking presidential .maybe not presidential but definitely steve martin. With the right makeup  make Bill Nye could look presidential  . did you know elsa was supposed to be the villain but  let it go  was so uplifting that they changed the whole movie. I never saw that film  It sounds like it s another Disney winner  Great story  great animation  great songs .yes it was. It s funny that Disney renamed  Rapunzel  to  Tangled  and  Snow Queen  to  Frozen  because they blamed feminine titles for underperforming box offices  Maybe it s the title  I wonder how many boys watch those films .they do good with having strong male characters that boys can enjoy
conversation_824 I would think its hard to learn soccer on a desert field.You know I think that would be pretty difficult too  Good thing they were able to go to Maryland and advance their skills  Are there any resources in your community for refugee children .Not that I am aware of  I don t think we have any refugees.Interesting  Well that s good that there are places around the world that do offer those supports .The LACES program was a great idea  its suprising that Liberia has been at war about as long as we have.I also think it was a very good idea  Something else really cool about the article is what it said about Youtube  I can t believe Justin Bieber s song is considered the most disliked  haha .Definitely gets my vote for worst   lol.There are children who are becoming millionaires just because they open up their presents on video and kids want to watch them  At the very least Justin Bieber performed a skill haha .I must have watched gangnam style a million times myself.I don t think i ve ever watched a child open a gift on youtube lol  It was also shocking knowing that kids were wanting to watch others play pokemon .Do you watch the ones where they eat tons of food . I can not say that I do  but I have heard that there are people who eat specific food items that I guess sound  refreshing   For example  there was an African American woman who would eat her dill pickle into a microphone  .Have you watched the bluetbe channel . I have not  have you .I subscribe to the channel and watch videos they post every few days.What kinds of videos do they post  I imagine it being like COPS and they just show them chasing after criminals .Training and lessons learned vids.Very interesting  I think it s kind of unfortunate how police officers have been depicted so negatively due to the couple of bad apples .Youtube trails only Google for largest search engine.I m surprised Youtube is still even popular due to the rise of social media and the many platforms that allow people to view videos .Happy Holidays to you 
conversation_825 Have you used spotify . I tried it out once  but didn t stick with it  I liked that it s basic features were free  I couldn t find songs I liked though.Yeah there is  a lot of songs on the service  Did you know that is has over   million songs that haven t even been played once  That s apparently    percent of their songs . That is crazy    million unplayed  With so many millions  I should give it a try again  Maybe I should try the paid subscription  with improved streaming quality . It might help  but with so many unplayed songs it may be an indicator there s too many  After all  it takes         plays per day for a musician to earn minimum wage on the site .That s a shame for the musicians  I  m surprised Google hasn t come up with competitor yet  Did you realize Google is over    years old now  It was founded in      . Actually I did know of that  but did you know that google s map changes depending on the country you live in due to boarder disputes . Interesting  Probably saves them from getting hate mail  Hard to believe it started with just two guys  Larry Page and Sergey Brin  They only own     of the shares now  though  . Yeah  but I m sure that s quite substantial considering how big they are  They went down once in      and decrease all web traffic by    percent . That s nice  It s nice  too  that they at least pretend to care about the earth  They once used live goats to mow the lawns around the headquarters  . That s definitely a good thing  considering    percent of earth s natural forest s have been eradicated .I wonder how that looks on Google maps  Only     of the earth is even land   The other     is water . Ah yes that is true isn t it  Well I must go now  good talking to you . This conversation was so short  Reminds me of how if the earth s history was a    hour period  humans would only represent   minute and    seconds . Oh wow  that puts things into perspective . Such a short period  and so much has changed on earth in that time  Days used to be only     hours long when earth was first formed .Crazy to think we went from that to now facing the complete elimination of helium in our atmosphere.I hope when extraterrestrials come they don t need the helium  Maybe we should talk to the United Nations  Ambassador to extraterrestrials  Can you believe that s a real job  . I had no idea  how strange . It sure is  I guess maybe they ll show up some time  even though earth is the only astronomical object known to harbor life  . Ah yes  but who knows considering the vastness of space  Had an interesting conversation  good day 
conversation_826  Hi  do you watch association football . I do not watch association football  and until reading this article did not know that this was an alternate term for what we call  soccer    .I ve been wanting to watch it  Soccer makes more money than most sports combined worldwide . That is also surprising to hear  but when you think about it so many countries participate and it s a global sport   I also didn t know that there was a variation that involved   teams at a time were you aware of that .I think so too  Jon Stewart was a very skilled soccer player and represented the US in      . If it s the Jon Stewart that I am thinking of  he s a funny guy   I have never heard of the German soccer player Mesut Ozil  but am now aware that he donated his bonus winnings from the world cup to pay for surgeries for children .That s awesome and good for him for doing that  We need more people like that in this world . Similar to Seren Fryatt who started LACES after seeing the joy it brought to Liberian women  it s an example of one person reaching out to others.Very cool  Did you know there is a variation of soccer in which   teams play at the same time . I was not aware of that  I wonder how a winner is determined .Not too sure on that one  American s call it soccer because that is slang for association football . Yeah  that s what I call it   I only played in elementary school   Have you ever played soccer .I also played in elementary school  My son plays now . My children do not play soccer  but my son wrestles and my daughter has played baseball   It s a good way to come together with other kids  like the like at the Total Soccer Area in Maryland they would have loved to meet other kids like that  .Do you watch the Academy Awards . I do not  but am aware that they give out the Oscars   Do you really think that Eminem has more oscars than Leonardo DiCaprio  Will Smith  George Lucas   and Bill Murray   I find that hard to believe .I find that very hard to believe  Daniel Day Lewis is the only actor to win best actor at the Oscars   different times .And how do the Oscars win Emmy s I wonder   They were nominated for   in        For the production of their show .I have no idea how that works  Blazing Saddles was nominated for   Oscars . I am not surprised at that  or at the fact that Walt Disney has    oscars . Wow that  a lot  Well  it was great talking with you  Take care 
conversation_827  Hi  Do you enjoy movie trivia  I am a big fan of Disney movies which is one of the  Big Six  film studios in Hollywood . Yes I enjoy movies trivia  I always watch Disney movies especially cartoons . I really like them  even though in the    s Disney recycled a lot of their animation frames creating identical scenes . I didn t know that  Yes I would think so  in the    s the graphics and colors weren t as good as they are now .I know they are so crisp and advanced today  Frozen was the first film to be directed by a woman . I don t remember seen frozen  but I am pretty sure it was good  have you seen it .I have  It was inspired by Hans Christian Anderson s fairy tale the Snow Queen  Its about a princess who goes to save her sister who s icy powers have trapped their kingdom in eternal winter . Oh I think that I have seen it  did the wicked queen became frozen at the end  I always like snow white  the movie . It definitely has some frozen characters but like all disney movies they have a happy ending  They name them  Frozen  and  Tangled  because female names like Rapunzel  Snow Queen or Snow White even had started to underperform at the box office . OK  have you seen the Pirates of the Caribbean which made over    billion in the worldwide box office .I have  It was a great movie with great toys  Did you know that the toy industry is involved before the filming has begun . No I didn t know that  what about the Lion King  would you believe one of the best part I like about the Lion king was the song by Elton John .Its a great song  The Lion King was the first film to be dubbed into Zulu for its African release  I think that s nice . Yes  It was nice  do you get into much entertainments  such as music  dancing and video games .I have played Nintendo  I had the original which only displayed in    colors . I used to like Pac Man  would you believe when caesar visit britain  people used chicken not for breeding  but for entertainments . How funny  I suppose things were a bit boring before they had something as fun as a Nintendo  even though it was discontinued in September      . Yes that true  Bill nye  science guy  got a break in entertainment by winning the steve martin look alike contest .Well this has been a lot of fun  Thanks for chatting and learning new and interesting things with me . Ronald Reagan was rejected from a movie for looking like the president  It was nice chatting with you also.Keep learning new things 
conversation_828 Some people feel the holiday season begins right after Halloween   Some though say December     When do you think .i am from the school of thought that it begins around thanksgiving  what about you . Yes  that is about right   Put the lights up then and start hearing the music   .do you think mariah carey s song is a good measure of when the season begins .Well it seems that more people need Mariah in their lives than usual around the holidays . haha that s true  have you seen the movie mentioned in the article  Love Actually .I don t remember that one  What was that one about . it is a movie that takes place in the UK and follows a couple different storylines  i love it  actually  i missed watching it this year sadly. Is it a holiday movie   Did you know that on Spotify a musician needs to get a little over         plays to make minimum wage   That s a hard business .it is a holiday movie  and is that total plays or does it have to be plays from different users i wonder . I don t know   But there was a band that earned         from Spotify for a silent album and used the money to finance a free tour   Interesting  huh .what is a silent album .I was wondering that too   Did you know that     of the earth s natural forests have been destroyed already   Sad .that is sad  what do you think it would be like to have a day that is only     hours long .Depends if I were sleeping or playing   Earth will be virtually helium free at the end of the   st century. yes  so what exactly does that mean .I guess no party balloons . yes i guess so  that will be a bummer  i wonder what else will change on this earth.Well in any case we ll apparently have ambassadors from the United Nations if extraterrestrials arrive. yes I saw that  I don t think I believe in aliens though  what about you . Don t think so  but who knows what s out there for sure   Nice talking to you 
conversation_829  Hi  So  I was not aware that the movie  Frozen  was the first Disney film to have a female director  That is actually pretty cool info  I have never watched it  myself  but now I might have to get around to doing that     . That was news to me too  I was also shocked to hear that they renamed Frozen and Tangled to avoid  feminine  titles  How stupid is that . Ha  Yeah  That is absolutely ridiculous  And what exactly constitutes a  feminine  title  I mean    Sleeping Beauty  Pocahontas  And then even things like  Snow White  and  Cinderella   Everyone knows those are FEMALE characters  so yeah  I don t get that at all  .I wasn t surprised that Disney recycled a lot of their animation in the   s  I noticed that even as a child . I never really noticed that myself  but now it is suuuuuuuper obvious  Instead of making new films  they are putting all of their energy into live action remakes of the classics  I know they are making a new Dumbo  a new Lion King  and a new Aladdin  right  I m sure there are more . Yes  that s what I ve heard too  I m not sure I really think they should be remaking classics  but maybe that s just me  I was surprised Wreck it Ralph was in production in the    s   That movie took forever to release in that case . YES  That was crazy    I mean  I enjoyed that movie   I have a son  so we watch more of the rough and tumble shows than we do the princess films   I liked it  and he loved it  but I certainly didn t see anything in it that should have taken    some odd years to make  haha  I haven t seen the second one yet  but I m anxious  too  Considering the first one took   decades  I m surprised they put out a sequel so soon . I guess they must have changed the plot a bunch or had to go back to the drawing board  so to speak  when the technology advanced   repeatedly  Ha  I guess they have it down now to release a sequel so quickly  but wow    decades  I can t even imagine . Yeah  That blows my mind  too  I mean  some of the best movies I ve ever seen didn t even take that long  I don t know  I m a huge Game of Thrones fan  and as quickly as they turn that stuff out   and keep the quality amazingly good      well  it is just hard for me to imagine a cartoon taking so long  I didn t realize that the guy that voiced King Candy in that one also voices so many different Disney characters  The only think I really knew him from was that series with Eliza Dushku   Dollhouse   I had no idea he voiced characters  too .That was a surprise to me as well  Did you see that Bill Nye got his break in a Steve Martin lookalike contest  How cool is that . Ha  Yeah  He looks NOTHING like Steve Martin to me  As a sidenote  I can t EVER say Bill Nye s name without doing the little  Bill Nye the sci ENCE guy  chant afterwards   haha  And I hate when people talk about him without context because I always want to confuse him with Bill Nighy  which is pronounced exactly the same way   but they are two totally different people . Yes  I always have to say  the science guy  too  Have you seen his show on Netflix   Bill Nye Saves the World  . I have not  I m not even sure I ve heard of it  which is crazy because I watch Netflix WAY more than any normal person should  Haha  Is it like an older version of the kid s show  Or is it something totally different . No  the audience for his new show is really for adults that watched his original show as children  . That is kind of what I meant  Sorry  I didn t word my question well  Haha  But still  that sounds super cool  I might have to check it out  I have been watching  The Umbrella Academy  the last few days  My son and I are about   episodes in so far  We LOVE it  I guess Netflix is having to find some alternative superhero shows to cater to the superhero loving crowd now that Disney is pulling all of their Marvel stuff off Netflix for their own streaming service  . Is the Umbrella Academy mostly for kids  I don t have any children  and while I do like Disney  my tastes in TV usually lean more towards sci fi fantasy . Not at all  In fact  the language is a little rougher than I like my kid hearing  but he is     and I am sure he hears worse at school  No  it is more of    well    I d say it has a bit of an x men vibe to it  but it is quite a bit darker than X men  But the basic idea is the same     individuals born with extraordinary abilities are taken in by a rich  eccentric man who trains them to fight evil  But if you like sci fi  you d probably enjoy it  It has a lot of time travel elements to it  too  VERY interesting show .Cool   I ll have to add it to my watch list then  Thanks for the tip  Did you see the part of the article where it says the original Nintendo could only display    colors  It sure seemed like it was a lot more at the time . I DID know that  I m a huge video game nerd  so I love game trivia  Haha  Of all the things that have improved with time  video games are one of the things that amaze me most  We went from Pitfall on the Atari   a little BADLY DRAWN man running constantly to the right with an occasional jump thrown in   to games like Skyrim and World of Warcraft  It amazes me that it started out so humbly  . Cool  Yes  and then think  even before Pitfall  we had Pong  We ve come a very long way in what seems such a short period of time  but well  it s been over    years since Pong came out . You re right  You re absolutely right  I had forgotten about Pong  haha  Still  The advancements there amaze me  Well  I have to say  I have really enjoyed talking to you today      I m going to run out and grab some lunch before I have to go tutor some high school kids for after school tutoring      I hope you have an amazing rest of your day and a great week .I had a great time talking to you as well  I hope you have a great rest of your day and week as well .Thanks  See ya 
conversation_830 Do you have a favorite album .Hmmm    good question   That s tough   I would have to say it would be the first album I ever got when I was a kid   simply because it was my first one   It was a Partridge Family Christmas album   lol  Do you know what the best selling album of the   st century is . My favorite  it was hybrid theory by linkin park .Nice   I remember when that one came out   Do you remember the band Reel Big Fish   They re recorded all of their hits for a best of album after losing the rights to their songs to their old record label . That is  funny  they sound  family  what are their hit songs .Do you remember the song Three Strange Days   It was popular around the mid   s or so   That was their biggest hit . for sure  now i do  Were you a star wars fan .I was a huge Star Wars fan because the first movie came out when I was     Still have followed it and love it to this day  I had all the toys when I was little .So good of movies  Apparently george lucas became a billionaire because of those toys .I believe it   They got some good cash out of my family  lol  In      the entire franchise was estimated to be valued at     billion dollars .Then they sold out and sold to Disney  Disney was smart for doing that  I think George Lucas  wife had a part in some of the films.Yes  She won an academy award for editing the film   Guess she was in the right place at the right time and didn t hurt she was married to George  lol.Wow that is awesome  Famous couple right there  they even dubbed a star wars movie in navajo.Interesting   There must be a lot of Navajo speakers out there to make it worthwhile . for sure  I wonder how many or why they thought of that. Not sure   James Earl Jones recorded Darth Vader s lines for the original movie in only     hours and was paid          Not too bad and I m sure he made a ton of money after that . I wish I got paid that  I wouldn t complain once lol  I wouldve asked for a pay raise for the next ones though.Me too   I hear you on that   lol  Jumping back to the albums    I find it amazing that Pink Floyd s Dark Side of the Moon was still one of the best selling albums of        more than    years after it was first released . For sure  good chatting with you friend .It was a pleasure   One more quick question    Do you know a hit song by Drake I should check out .Bye 
conversation_831 Hey there what do you think about Disney movies  I really love the Lion King myself. Hi  I love Disney too  I ve watched just about every movie that they ve made  Did you know they re making the Lion King into a live action film this year . yes I did  are you going to see it btw  i didn t really like the remake of beauty and the best  so I will probably stear clear myself. Yes  I m very interested in watching it  I ve heard good things about it  but anyways did you know that the Lion King was the first disney film to be dubbed into zulu for its african release . no I didn t thats interesting though  have you seen the movie Frozen by the way  Apparently that was the first Disney movie to be directed by a woman  I know that it made a lot of money so it must have been successful. Yes  I ve seen Frozen before  It s so funny because it was called  snow queen  first  but Disney renamed it to  Frozen  because they blamed feminine titles for underperforming box offices . haha that is interesting I didn t know that  and yes Jennifer lee directed it  and it made more than   billion dollars  thats insane and great for her I m sure. Yes  it s also cool because Elsa was supposed to be the main villain in frozen  but they wrote the song  Let It Go  for her  and since the song was so uplifting they decided to change her character instead of the song . wow that is interesting  funny with that song too  the co author of it did some songs   South Park and also for the Book of Mormon  those are both pretty raunchy  pretty funny that he also did songs for Frozen LOL. Yes  it s quite funny  and the co author Robert Lopez is quite talented as well because he is one of    people that have ever won EGOT  Emmy  Grammy  Oscar    Tony   so he must be multi talented . Yep it sounds like he is very talented  Back to Disney movies though  apparently the toy manufacturers talk to Disney before Disney even starts making the movies  I don t know how I feel about that  kind of scummy. Well  I don t know about that  It sounds like good business sense to me  because they basically figure out how to market the main characters of the film before the film actually gets released  It s kind of funny though  because during the   s disney recycled a lot of their animation frames  resulting in identical scenes in some movies .Yeah I did know about that  I think one of the movies where they did that was the animated Robin Hood movie  That s a cost saving measure for sure  Have you seen the movie Wreck It Ralph . Yes  I have  I rented the DVD  I find it funny that it took such a long time in production because the development actually started in the late      s  but it wasn t released until      .Yep I agree with you  I did like all of the   s Video Game references in that movie  What else do you do for entertainment  I remember I used to play the regular Nintendo back in the day. I m not much for video games  even though I do play with friends on ocassion   but I did find it interesting that the ninetendo entertainment system could display only    colors . Yep that never seem to bother me  I never noticed it as a kid haha  I m just glad that the system was as good as it was  And I m shocked that it lasted until the year      in Japan. Yeah  me too  but anyways did you know that Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment executive didn t think he had  that presidential look   Ironic  huh . Didn t know that  That s pretty crazy  I also would have never guessed that Bill Nye the Science Guy did Steve Martin look alike contests  although I can kind of see that one at least. Yeah  that s pretty cool  I also find it interesting that Alan tudyk has had a role in every disney animated film since  wreck it ralph   He appeared in both  Frozen  and  Zootopia  . Wow that is interesting  That guy is a good actor though  You like Roman history at all  Apparently Caesar made a note  that people in Great Britain would breed chickens to entertain themselves and not for eating LOL
conversation_832 Hello   Do you like Drake the musician .Hello  Not really to be honest .Did you know he graduated high school at the age of    .I didnt  I know he visited drake university in the middle of the night .That s pretty cool  I saw he spent a ton of money on children s books during a tour in the UK .He seems like a pretty good guy  Did you know he was on the show degrassi.I did not know that either  The beat of one of his songs is sampled from Timmy Thomas       hit Why Can t We Live Together .Yeah  He played a boy who was paraplegic and pursues a music career on the show .That s pretty cool of him to do that  Do you like Linkin Park .Yeah they are ok  I guess .Their album Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the   st century .Cool did you know aerosmith made more from guitar hero than any album .I did not know that  Pretty crazy though  Two identical twins in Japan released a rap album when they turn     years old.Wonder how many albums they sold  Enough to retire I hope .I would hope so lol  The Dark Side of the Moon is still one of the best selling albums of      .It is a good album  Classics for all time .I agree  I love Pink Floyd .do you know bob marley is still on the charts . I did not know that  but I love some Bob Marley  Makes me happy and want to sit on the beach and drink a beer .Yeah he had some good ones thats for sure  It always makes me think of that will smith movie.It was good chatting with you 
conversation_833  How s it going  do you like Star Wars  George Lucas did a great job creating it.I love star wars  Do you like it . Yea  my favorite is the original      movie  You .I love that movie  Do you have a favorite character .Probably Hans Solo although I didn t like the      movie with him.I loved Han  He was so well written  I didn t like Solo but I did like the character  Did you see last jsdi . No I haven t seen it yet  I wasn t to interest since I saw the Force Awakens in     .The first   films were nominated for academy awards and were commercially successful with a combined box office revenue of     B . That is impressive  the entire franchise was valued at    billion .It is the second highest grossing film series of all time . Yea  it s a good thing Marcia Lucas had a lot of input on the original trilogy or it wouldn t be worth as much.Right  She was so instrumental in its development  Did you see what she contributed . Yea  Marcia had the ideas with Leia kiss and Obi Wan s death.That s crazy to me  that and James Earl Jones only go tpaid       for     hours of work .That s pretty good but nowhere close to the billions Lucas made from Star Wars  merchandising rights.Right  I thought that was really low but people said it was scale . Yep  fox really screwed up that decision  they only saved    k.It did make george lucas a billionare though so he can t be too mad . Yea  speaking of billionaires did you know that Pink Floyd s Dark Side of the Moon was still a best selling album in      .Wow  I had no idea  It was great chatting with you 
conversation_834  So  when do you think Christmas begins .I think the season starts the day after Halloween. Wow  that s early   But it s in line with what Google s research shows. Its not the official start  but they do seem to skip right over Thanksgiving. It s an interesting concept  to track a Holiday songs Google searches to monitor how people think   Probably truer than what people would actually say .Leave it to google.Google probably knows more about us than we do about ourselves   It s a little scary .Yes  they are great at tracking Data. These algorithms are never as good as they say they are   I use Spotify and it tries to make recommendations for me based on what I listen to  it s never very good .Yes  But they will get better in the future. You re probably right   What I really like is the Google Earth tool  I love those map and being able to focus down on a street   It s amazing that they have mapped the whole world like that .Yes  I have used that in the past myself  It works well .Even that s a little creepy   Being able to look down on your neighbors back yard and such .Yes  Sometimes it is scary if  you think about it  Imagine what  governments can do if they choose .Probably already doing something   There is probably a record somewhere of what I listen to on Spotify and what type of person that makes me .Yes  They can be as intrusive as they want . I wonder what they d make of me if I start playing  All I Want For Christmas   constantly in March   They d probably just think I was a lunatic .Or maybe that you were thinking ahead . Maybe I should really think ahead and get my Holiday shopping done now  play that song  and put up the tree .I know people who start shopping after labor day. Well I m going to say goodbye  log into Spotify  and play  All I Want For Christmas    Have a good day 
conversation_835  I think the special camp is really valuable  it helps a lot of kids. Yeah  it is a great opportunity for refugee kids to learn a great sport . It is right  like Quriesh Ahmad  he liked soccer  sports can really save the lives  of people.I think the latest count is    kids signed up for the camp . Thats a lot of kids  all of them are refugees  escaping danger from their countries  kind of breaks my heart. It really does   It is bad enough those things are happening  but to kids just kills me . I know right  thankfully theres a place that rescues them  the nonprofit LACES really does a good job.They do   I am glad to see a positive change in this world. Yeah Life and Change Experienced Thru Sports  they also have a great name  says it all. It really does   Sports can provide so much for the youth  especially in places where there is no other reprieve from daily life . I think that the coaches that volunteer their time are also to thank  they dont charge and still dedicate their time to those kids .Soccer truly is a world wide sport   There is a German soccer player who donated his world cup victory bonus to  pay for surgery for    Brazilian kids . Do you know his name  that is a great deed  I love soccer by the way.Mesut Ozil. Oh he is a great player  do you like soccer .I do   It is one of my favorite sports .I cant beleive there are more than     million players world wide.It is so popular it makes more than most other sports combined . And its played in over     countries  that is impressive.It is impressive indeed   There is even a version where three teams square off . I havent seen that version but it does seem interesting  I might have to Google that like right now  
conversation_836  Hello there  what are your thoughts on basketball .I like the sport a lot  I just can t believe that there are only five players at a time on each side  It always seems like more . True  the dunk was so bad because of Kareem Abdul Jabbar in college it got banned for years . Yeah  I heard it was banned from college basketball for over a decade  . I think the NBA has changed a lot with so many more   point shots being taken  it is hard to defend that much of the court . Yeah  that could be  It s hard to believe that in    out of    states the highest paid employee is either a college football or basketball coach . Well look at Air Jordans  that shoe accounts for     of all money on shoes spent on ebay .Does it really Did you know that Jordan s were banned upon introduction by the NBA . Yes it was around      I think  I think this is what jumpstarted Nike into the powerhouse they have become . Yes  rapper Drake even owns a pair of solid gold Jordan s . I do think it has gotten out of hand though  a    year old killed another teen in Washington over a pair of Air Jordans   That is sad .That is sad  Murder over a      pair of shoes  Senseless .Yeah the defense claims the   teenage witnesses were lying   They apparently were the only evidence   Must have been ironclad .Terrible  I wonder if MJ did anything for the family considering he held the record for the single highest paid season . I doubt it  I mean the logo of his jumping isn t how he jumps either . Yeah  it s ironic that it is from a photo shoot of MJ doing the ballet move grand jete and had nothing to do with how he jumps . I actually have a pair of Air Jordans from the   s  I made sure to leave tea bags after I wore them for a while to reduce the smell . Oh  I ve heard to do that with shoes  I find it amazing the Stephon Marbury promoted a line of shoes for     and was not paid to endorse them .Yeah there are some good athletes in the world like Steve Smith who leaves his cleats on the bench to remind people of homelessness and people without shoes . I have heard about that  I find it interesting that not only were shoes around so long ago  but a pair of shoes      years old performs better than modern day shoes . Goes with the saying  don t make them like they used to   thanks for the chat . Yes  agreed  Good chatting 
conversation_837 hi. It s sad that our world is coming to this  teenagers killing each other over      sneakers .the society s morality is becoming worst. Yes  at least on the other hand we can appreciate that there are people like the witnesses relative came forward and contacted authorities  . I concur   By the way  do you know that air jordan account for   in every   dollars spent on sneakers on ebay. I m surprised  I am not that in to brand name shoes at all  I would rather a fun unique pair like the one inspired by the Wizard of Oz inspired shoes with the gps inside .Hahaha   I have never bought a pair of Air Jordan   YOu . No  I haven t I don t make that much money  I wear basic      s style sandals.so do I   I think it is such a waste of money buying trending products . Exactly I can t believe some people live so decadently  like Queen Elizabeth have people to wear shoes for them before hand so they are more comfortable  I bet that costs a lot and doesn t even skim the surface of all of the servants she has  . Btw  do you know that rapper Drake owns a pair of solid gold air jordan sneakers weight about     pounds. That s exactly what I am talking about   that s just way too much decadence  . Agree   I am not a fan of such living style   Btw  do you like basketball. Well  I never followed basketball much  but I did really enjoy the movie Space Jam  and I think a lot of my generation did since it was the highest grossing basketball film of al time . Yeah  I watched that movie  and I liked it.It was funny  It did make basketball seem pretty fun but I ve never been able to follow all of the rules like understanding the different in points between a field goal made behind or in front of the three point line . Yeah   The rule is a bit complicated if you do not watch the game often   Also  do you know that a professional ballet dancer use   pairs of pointe shoes per week. No  I didn t  I wonder if other professionals with shoes designed for them specifically  like mountaineers and skiers  use more than one pair like that .nice chatting with you   Have a happy holiday. You too  thank you .Bye.Bye
conversation_838 Hi there are you a big basketball fan . Not really  do you watch basketball much .I do  Are you familiar with Kareem Abdul Jabbar . Yes  I ve seen him playing basketball and I think I ve even seen him on late night shows  Are you a fan of his .I was when I was growing up   He dunked so much in college that they banned the shot for almost a decade .Did you ever have a pair of Air Jordan shoes  I few boys in my high school did  They all played basketball .I never had any   Wish I did though   Speaking of shoes    professional ballet dancers can go through   pairs of pointe shoes in a week .That s amazing  They must have such a passion and dedication to dance   and they must need very special shoes  Did you hear about the teens in the news and the Air Jordans .I haven t heard that   What is the news about . I guess one teen had a pair of Air Jordans  and another demaded them from him  He ran away and was chased  said witnesses  and they heard gunshots soon after  It s terrible  Over shoes .Oh my gosh   That s terrible   I just read that      year old shoes perform better than modern shows   I don t see how that s possible . I imagine they were made with thicker leather  People used to walk much more  I think  so their shoes had to be tough  right .I guess so   lol  I have really smelly feet and they make my shoes smell bad   Any tips on how to get rid of the smell in my shoes . Yes  I have heard that you can put tea bags or coffee grounds in nylons in them to take the smell out  Also I ve hard of putting those fabric softener sheets in shoes  Seems legit .Ahh   sweet   Thanks  LOL  Stephon Marbury  basketball player  promoted a line of shoes that retailed at     but he was not paid to endorse them   Interesting .That s very interesting     and I almost forgot to say about the ballet pointe shoes   Bill Nye the Science guy has a patent on those  I wonder how he got into that .Wow   How interesting is that   Never knew that before just now   I like what NFL wide receiver Steve Smith does   He leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness for homeless people without shoes . That s pretty interesting about his shoes  but I wonder what happens to them  I wonder if they d ever do a show with pro basketball players taking homeless fans out to lunch .I m not sure what they do with them   That would be great if they did that   There was a player who played in Cleveland that would take out food to the homeless after every home game   I think he plays for Boston now   He also does it when his team is on the road . That sounds like a great idea  Speaking of which  I have some old shoes I m going to go donate to the homeless  TTYL.Nice   It was fun chatting   Have a good day 
conversation_839 Hi there   You feel like being a little scientific today .Yes I am  Did you know Pluto isn t a planet  I thought NASA had reversed that decision a few years ago .Not sure what the status is now   A dwarf planet   Maybe that s the difference . A dwarf planet is still a planet by name  Pluto is not longer a planet at all  I think it was found to not be a solid mass or maybe too much gas  I think another planet  Jupiter is made of gas and rock  and it is still a planet  Decisions on space are strange .Constantly changing with more  research   Amazing actually   Wonder what they named that planet that precipitates shards of glass  Weird   Almost sounds scifi.You think that s SciFi  In      an ambassador for any future extraterrestrials who might make contact was appointed by the UN  If decisions made with space are altered by more research  what lead to that decision . It s a tough job  but somebody has to do it   LOL  The emperor of Japan is a scientist   Didn t know that . Yep  his name is Akihito  He still involves himself in scientific research today  Harrison Schmitt is the only scientist to walk on the moon  Which FYI  along with the sun controls ocean tides  Boom  Science . Fascinating   And to think when earth was first formed  a day was on     hours long   Definitely needed daylight savings time   . Heck no  you would lose or gain half a day  Big mess LOL  I thought they found life on Mars  but it s been reported only Earth harbors life .I thought they did too unless maybe some things that could sustain life as we know it .Maybe that s why I assumed they found life was because they found water  Earth s surface is covered in about     water .Was watching that series Mars   It had factual commentaries throughout it   Guess they re serious about seeing what exactly it holds for us in the future . I would like to know  We can t be the only planet to have harbored life  Why are we so special  It can t just be coincidence  I mean if humans are but a minute if earth history was put into    hours  who are we to judge what s in the history of other planets  We barely know this one .Exactly   We re just a speck out there   Unfortunately I ll never see it   Just great to see all the research continuing . Me either  I can only read about it and imagine  But at least them my imagination plays a part  and it s quite interesting  What if we have a mirror planet around another sun somewhere  Another planet being destroyed by humans  Well  my imagination just got sad  Dang .I ve always thought along those lines too  Guess I ll go out tonight and look up at the stars    Great chatting with you and a great subject . You too  space really is fascinating  It s the only things every one can see together from across the world .Nice concept  Something we all share .Exactly  Space and Earth is a gift to us all  Nice talk .May the force be with you  
conversation_840 Do you use or watch Youtube . Yes  i watch youtube all the time  do you watch youtube .I do you can learn anything on there  In November of      they were bought by google for      billion .I did not know that google owns youtube  you have a lot of knowledge about youtube . A bunch of useless knowledge  lol  What do you watch Youtube for .i watch mostly people cooking and organizing   it makes time pass.Yeah i generally get music from there but if i m stuck on something like fixing my car or computer then it s good to have . i agree  i was able to learn alot of things through youtube  its very helpful at times  did you here about the momo challenge  . No i didn t  what s that . momo is telling kids to do bad things while their parents are sleeping .Oh my God that needs to be stopped immediately  I don t know how i haven t heard of this  What kind of stuff  I do know youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet . like turning on the oven  sticking forks into the electrical sockets  really bad stuff .Wow that s terrible  Netflix and youtube together make up for half of peak hour traffic . im sure  i got my cable disconnected and subscribed to both nextflix and Hulu .Me too friend  Police actually have their own youtube its called bluetube . lol thats awesome  im gonna have to check it out  thanks.Do you know who Kim Kardashian is . yes  she has a huge social media following  She s known for dating r jay and is now the wife of kanye west  .Right she also use to be Paris Hilton s personal assistant .now she probably has more money than paris . I m sure  She even written a book  Nice chatting with you  
conversation_841 Did you know youtube is the second largest search engine on the net . No  I didn t know that  but I suppose it makes sense now that I think about it  What kind of YouTube videos do you like .Im into diy stuff and reviews on certain items  What about you . Mostly entertainment and celebrity news  stuff like that  I kind of love to hate the Kardashians .its crazy how much success they have  They re marketing team is really good  Being famous for being famous. Yeah  but it s super weird  I don t think anyone ever heard of them until fairly recently  Where did they even come from  I don t know if it s because they knew the right people or what    I mean  the Jenners are known because  formerly  Bruce Jenner was an actor  but other than that  I have no idea .Kim use to be Paris Hiltons personal assistant  But got a lot of attention for dating singer ray J. Ah  And then married Kanye  Good for her  I guess .Shes surprisingly not the only famous one in her family  Kylie has made a huge name for herself. Yes  but again  she doesn t seem to actually do much of anything  Really I think the whole family could do with less attention  I do think it was a good decision to keep her pregnancy low key  at least at first  People like to make a big deal about celebrities  personal lives when it s really none of their business . Thats true  they are just normal people deep down  But thats what happens when your famous  I guess its the cost of getting so much money.It s honestly a little creepy how obsessive people get over celebrities  Like freaking out on social media when she wasn t in the Christmas card picture .Its not like they aren t soaking in the attention though  They are everywhere on social media. That s true  Kim even wrote a book about how much she takes selfies and was a force behind the  selfie movement   So yeah  not really doing anything to discourage attention  And  as we mentioned  that s kind of all they re famous for .Kylies youtube page posted an    min video that documented her pregnancy. Lol  so much for keeping it private  I feel sorry for all their kids  It has to be weird growing up with all that going on  Do you think they ever get the chance to be like normal kids .I highly doubt it  They grew up with the cameras in their face  I wouldn t be surprised if they are already considered social media influencers. I m not going to go looking for them  but I wouldn t be surprised if Kim and Kanye s three kids already have social media accounts .There is probably this family wouldnt do to stay relevant Somehow their tv show still runs. Well  as long as people buy into it  I guess you can t blame them for doing what works  Kim was the highest paid tv personality in       making more than     million  I can think of a few things I d do with that much money .Kylie is the youngest billionaire as well so I guess I wouldnt complain in their situation
conversation_842 Do you follow Kylie Jenner . No  I don t  Who is that  What does she do . She s a singer  a pretty good one actually  she announced she is pregnant to the world during the Billboard Music Awards.Is she related to Bruce Jenner at all  Or did she succeed on her own . Yeah I think Bruce Jenner is her dad  I think it was a mixture of both  having a rich and influential dad can always help.Rich kids get advantages  It doesn t bother me so much when they actually have talent  So she s related to Kim Kardashian then .Yeah the Kardashians are her half sisters .Kim Kardashian used to be Paris Hilton s personal assistant . I think she s famous because of her dad  you know he was part of the defense team of OJ Simpson . Yeah  I saw a show about that  David Schwimmer was the dad  I think the family was different before the fame  Now Kim has a book about her being  a trailblazer of the selfie movement    titled  Selfish      LOL  . I dont know about that lol but I do know that Kim was in one of the music videos of the band Fall Out Boy  I used to love that band.I don t know their stuff  I understand that she would bring attention to the video . She is a curious character indeed  so do you like rap music . I m not really a fan of rap  though I can see it takes talent to do it well  . I agree  it must require a lot of talent  do you know who Eminem is . Eminem is a famous rapper  though I don t his songs  I saw him in a movie called Eight Mile . That was a great movie  sad how he had to struggle in the way he did  he almost became a comic book artist. He probably would have been a good one  though not as rich  He should start a comic book  . Now that he has the money it would be a good idea  maybe he can come up with the next Batman or Superman  .That would be good  Or many a hero rapper that does battle through fiery rhymes . Busta Rhymes is another talented rapper  he was he voice of the Reptar Wagon in the Rugrats Movie  
conversation_843 CLimate change is getting dangerous  The Carbon dioxide keeps getting higher each month.We really need to start acting on this  The carbon dioxide has exceeded     ppm this is unacceptable .Right    The gases are even getting bad getting to be    percent higher the last time they did a check in Hawaii.That s bad  The carbon dioxide concentration are causing the greenhouse gas effect and trapping heat and driving climate change  People need to understand this .The rising growth rate of this plant each year is making it harder to even handle .True But Antarctica is losing tens of meters of ice and it s raising sea levels  This can be very bad .sad to learn that    percent of the earth s natural forest have been lost  Whats next . Yes I know  very depressing  Helium we are also losing apparently but not sure why .mayeb somthing to do with the process of how the plants provide energy  Scientist are the ones who know the answers for sure  Crazy how being called a scientist only came around during the   th century.Yeah that is kind of interesting  They are very important though  For example the World Wide Web was invented by an English scientist .very cool to learn  They start off very young know how to be awesome intelligent humans  much like the young john von neumann.Yes that s a very good comparison  Harvard scientist s managed to store a GIF animation of a galloping horse in the DNA of a bacteria how is that even possible .It s something smarter than we can even put into words lol   much like how is our planet is the only one to have life on it . I also raise that question  In modern times  many scientists have advanced degrees in an area of science and pursue careers in various sectors of the economy  like academia  industry  government  and nonprofits .Maye its all our water      of it is covered by it .So many deep oceans  Even on land there is much water like lakes and rivers . Oh yeah I know  I m from Michigan  many lakes there    I did learn they have whole building blocks of other land far way from the earth  But we cant really get there.Maybe someday  Earth is actually the densest planet in the solar system .Wonder what that all means to how we live  Wonder what it means that Uranus rotates on its side and rolls round the moon  So fascinating.Yes all good questions  I always wonder about aliens too  In      the United Nations appointed a official ambassador to extraterrestrials in case they would ever make contact with the earth  It was great chatting with you today I had fun .ET come home lol
conversation_844  Hello  do you watch Youtube . Yea  I ve been watching youtube since it was created in     . Awesome   love Youtube   Its the second largest search engine on the net  .Must be why Google bought youtube in      for      billion. Yeah   now google and youtube have the top spots of search engines . Combined with Netflix Youtube makes up half of peak internet traffic in North America  that s a lot of streaming. Yeah that is insane   Justin biebers  baby  video is the most disliked video lol. Ugh  there most like video Gangnam style isn t much better either. Haha thats a really funny video though   it doesnt make any sense though . No  neither  does the youtube rip off blutube used by Police.Is it just a channel on Youtube or a whole different site . I think blutube is just another site  I d check it out but I honestly don t care.Do you like Kim Kardashian . Not at all  she only famous for a tape she made with Ray J  in my opinion . Yeah i remember that   I guess she used to be Paris Hiltons personal assistant  I personally think that whole family is kinda ridiculous  I think she is married to Kanye west too right . Yea  him and Kim have   children . Oh wow   I guess Ive missed a lot lol I did not know they have   children now   I know their family makes a lot of money for reality shows and businesses where Im pretty sure they do nothing  lol.Nothing but taking selfies and writing stupid books about it. Yeah   and america loves it for some reason   Buying their product and watching their shows   america is just making them more money lol . Yea  none of their stuff will make it in the library of Congress like Tupac s music  Well it was nice chatting with you. great conversation  thank you very much  
conversation_845 hi how are you  what do you think of this planet of ours . well what can I say  humans destroyed     of the earth s natural forests  . Yeah  we are well on the way to destroying the last    per cent too it seems  . yeah apparently the earth changed a lot from when it was first formed  The days were only     hours long . now it is just over    hours  soon it will be        hours and the work day will be even longer  no thanks .yeah well at the end of the   st century the earth will be helium free. maybe we can develop trees that produce helium  that would solve the problem  more forests  more helium . yeah that would be good  but I m not sure how that would work with all of this climate change . Yeah  we need more forests  or we could move to another planet  that might be easier  LOL. yeah we could move to Venus  it does not tilt so there are no seasons there . Yeah  but it s like     degrees  a bit hot  the soviets send a probe there  it disappeared pretty fast .maybe they can invent a space suit that could keep us cool  see humans are destroying earth but they should be taking care of it because it is the only place we can survive .quite true  we need to think a bit more about the actions we have taken and how much longer we can keep doing the same thing .yeah     of the earth s surface is covered with water.we need to preserve the creatures there as well  overfishing and pollution are terrible problems . they are very serious problems  I really hope it gets better. Well  astronomers have detected building blocks of life in a planetary system some     light years away  Maybe we could go there  Lets talk to Elon . that sounds really interesting  I wonder if they have oxygen there . I guess we could bring a converter  anyway  great chat .thank you have a nice day.Have a great day .bye
conversation_846  Hi  how are you .Hello  What do you think about scientists .I love them  I studied science at college for   years  Then organic chemistry suggested I try another line of study  What do you think abouto scientists .I feel that scientists whose sole purpose to research to advance knowledge in a specific area of interest have helped advanced the world in leaps and bounds.I do too  Do you believe them in their research . In most cases yes  However  I do think that each person has to do their due diligence to identify if there is any bias or misinformation .I agree  The only reason I asked was because of people second guessing the global warming research  Seems odd to me  .I feel its because for many people of authority like the current president denies it for political reasons  I still can t believe people feel vaccines cause autism.I know  Now there is a measels outbreak which will jeopardize the health of new borns who cannot get vaccinated  Just dumb   .Scientists have also made vast contributions to learning more about planets such as the earth.I am mad they got rid of pluto though  I had such hopes for that planet .When the problem was all in the current definition of things and at times it is simply a matter of semantics  Even jupiter s moon would be considered a planet due to its size and features if it instead orbited the sun instead of jupiter. That is really insightful  thanks  Did you know the world wide web was invented in      .Do you know who invented it . I do not  who .I don t know either  I was asking lol  I m sure it was a scientist  All I remember was that the internet was developed by the military and wifi was developed as a byproduct when the space program was trying to improve space imaging .Didn t al gore say he invented it  Then he got mocked by the press and then he was actually involved with it    .If that is true that a shame.Well at least the emperor of japen still publishes today . That is amazing  I wonder what his field of expertise and interest is  In modern times  scientists have changed academia  industry  government  and nonprofit environments to an exponential degree.I am not sure  It was nice chatting with you today 
conversation_847 Hello hows it going   Do you like reading . Hello  I am good thank you   I do enjoy reading  how about you . Yes   very much   Did you know Starship troopers was a recommended reading book to us militaries . No  I didn t know that  I didn t even know that was a book  .It was a great movie too .Yeah I saw the movie it was good   Did you know in the   th century there was a moral panic because of the spread of the reading of novels . That is surprising   reading is good for people   why would there be a panic about it lol . I know right  back to the military  I guess Ender s Game was suggested reading for the marine corps  . Nice   I never read that one   just seen the movie   . Also  the world record for speed reading was a speed of      words per minute .lol now that s crazy  Do you even process information that fast   or just read the words   That is a lot .Yeah I don t even know how you could make sense of that many words that quickly .yeah right   It looks like the biggest selling non fiction book is the Bible .I could see that   Did you know that George w Bush read    biographies of Lincoln during his presidency .Yes and almost     historical non fiction books   He was focused .Yeah I don t know how you could read that many biographies about one person though . lol I could   if I was really interested in their life   . But still  I can see reading   but not    lol   I guess the FDA once burned   tons of literature in an act of US censorship  . That is a big statement   I did not know that Winston Churchill won a Nobel Prize   that is interesting  . Wow  I didn t know that either  very interesting  . Well it was good chatting   have a good one  
conversation_848  Hi   do you like to read .Hi there I do like to read  What about you  But I guess I only like audiobooks haha don t actually read the physical book.I love to read I found interesting that the Bible was considered the non fiction book that had the biggest sales . Wow that is interesting  have you ever heard of the blind reading language Braille  It was created by Louis Braille who did it when he was only     that s impressive . Wow that is so impressive  I had no idea he was so young   I will not forget that now   Did you know reading novels was causing a moral panic in the   th century .No that s really silly though haha  Can you imagine if people were worried today about everyone suddenly reading lol  Do you know what a reading bicycle is . no  tell me about it  something I know is that literature was  long time ago  an olympic event . Haha no  it was actually something they invented for schools  They would put a reading bicycle into elementary schools and apparently the test scores skyrocketed after that. When there is something fun   it is way easier to learn  Did you hear bout a competition called  you laugh you lose   . No I didn t hear about that  can you tell me more  Interesting that of Amazon s top five best selling book  four of them were nonfiction  I wonder what they were. It was a competition held by Cs lewis and Tolkien It looks like they had to hold their laugh when reading terrible poetry  I could not have done that  I would have lost.Yep I would have lost too  Also I feel bad for the people that wrote those poems  Just think about if they knew who was laughing at them LOL.Poor poetry writers   I did not know George w Bush enjoyed reading so much. I didn t know that either  Have you ever read a book by Terry Pratchett before  Apparently he was knighted for his work  specifically his services to literature . I have not read from him  but it is a very good reference that he was knighted  Did you know that the fda did an act of censorship and burned   tons of literature .No I didn t know that  That s kind of scary actually  I wonder why they would burn the books  Did you know that romantic kissing is actually a recent invention . That is pretty cute  I think is interesting  that music   sculpture and painting were olimpyc events  .That is really interesting  I wonder how those work because they re so subjective  Do you like heavy metal  There is a professor who teaches heavy metal as a form of literature apparently. I love rock  but I think that professor would have been burned by the FDA    talking about the olympic events for music  painting etc  this happened from      to      . I see  Have you heard of President Andrew Jackson  You never actually went to school  it was his wife who helped him to learn how to read  and he became the president so I guess that s awesome .Cool   it was nice talking to you  have a good one
conversation_849 do you like reading .I do  Did you ever read Starship Troopers .Yes and it is recommended by the military branches as well. Yes true  same with Ender s Game that is a popular one among the military too.Yes  Do you know who holders the record for speed reading.That would be Anne Jones at      words per minute.Yeah I wonder how they even measure that though to be honest.True  DO you know who TOlkien and CS Lewis were . Yes great authors and they used to play you laugh  you lose games with each other.Yes and it must have been hard because it was over bad poetry.Yeah  There was moral panic in the   th century because people were reading novels.Weird  Do you like non fiction .Yes I do  George Bush read     historical nonfictions when he was a president. Yeah and    biographies of Lincoln  he must know a lot about him.Yeah I bet so too  Jimmy Buffet the country singer is also a talented writer.Yes he had a fiction and nonfiction reach number one in the NY best seller list.Nice  Do you know which is the best selling nonfiction book . That would be the bible  it holds the guiness record too. Yeah  Did you know Jack London was really poor once . Yes and that is what his book talks about mainly  the divide between the rich and the poor  in the people of abbyss. Yeah  that was early       Nice chatting with you
conversation_850 I really like to read  Do you enjoy reading . Reading is fun  and fundamental  How are you today  Have you read anything . I am good  I have read many  many books  Did you know that Winston Churchill won a Nobel Prize for literature . I didn t know that  However  I m not surprised  POTUS Andrew Johnson never  went to school  His wife helped him learn to read  . I m very glad that someone did  Oddly  literature was an Olympic event from      to       How odd  . That sounds very strange  I ve never heard that  I wonder why literature would be in the Olympics  Perhaps in combination with other activities  it would make sense to be in the Olympics  For example  an elementary school used reading bicycles and test scores went up . That s interesting  I wonder why  It s not the only strange Olympic sport  During those same years architecture  music  painting  and sculpture were also Olympic events  . Romantic kissing is a fairly recent development  so I guess that wouldn t be in the Olympics yet  What about heavy metal music  Some guy in Texas teachers it as a form of literature  Could be in the Olympics someday .That s a good question  I was saddened to learn that the FDA burned six tons of literature in an act of censorship in the U S  That s upsetting . Sometimes people think that they re helping when they don t realize that they are in fact destroying a legacy  I might not listen to heavy metal  but I wouldn t destroy it out of some sense of righteousness  Do you read non fiction at all .I sometimes do  I know that unsurprisingly the bible is the best selling non fiction book  But I question how many of those are actually read . The book sells a lot  but few open it up   The Late Great Planet Earth  is also a best seller among Christians  It predicts the end of the world in our generation  Sold     million copies  .I am not familiar with that one  Did you know that George W Bush read    biographies of Lincoln during his presidency . I wonder whether he read them aloud or silently  Silent reading is a recent thing  Centuries ago  few could read silently .That s super weird  You would get very strange looks now  Are you familiar with Starship Troopers .I ve seen the film  I know it s based on a Heinlein novel .It is  It s on the reading lists of three of the five US military branches  What an odd choice . It s about strategy and tactics  though I don t know how relevant it is to the modern battlefield .Yes it seems like it would not be  Ender s Game was also suggested reading for military organizations .It s also a story involving a lot of strategy and tactics  I think the military wants to pick stuff that troops will enjoy and understand  The Art of War might be a bit heavy for the average person .Oh I m positive of that 
conversation_851 Do you know much about book banning in schools .I know a little  I know banning those two books would cost me two of my favorite books . Are either of your favorite books  To Kill a Mockingbird  or  Huckleberry Finn   Those are ones that come up often   . yes  I love them both  I named my dog Scout after To Kill a Mocking bird . Harper Lee addressed a Virginia school board about their removal of her book  because they said it was  immoral  .She just released a new follow up to To Kill a Mockingbird . Does it happen in the same area of the South  at the same time with the same characters .I am not sure  I have not read it yet  Did you read those two books . I read both  Huckleberry Finn  and  To Kill a Mockingbird  when I was in school   My local school board didn t seem to have any problem with the N word or other racial slurs in them .Mine either  I wonder if the sensitivity will cause them to miss out on other things or shelter them from other areas that make a well rounded adult  please don t infer I am encouraging racism  .i agree with Harper Lee who stated that she didn t think that racial tension problems would be solved by banishing classics .Seems like she knows a lot about it  Seems reasonable to adovovate for your book . Sometimes when books aren t banned a parent can request an alternative book  but personally it seem like you would miss out on the classroom discussions and learning if you are the only one reading it . Yeah  I agree  I haven t read to kill a mockingbird in a while and will need to re read it  After all  there are more libraries in the US than McDonalds . And if  you don t want to read it in print form you can get it in another format  like audiobook  or you can use a device to read it as an e book . How would you like to wheelbarrow        books     of a mile at age      . I hope i have that much strength at age     or such devotion to donate them to a library like Gladstone did  .I know    MY    year old body aches when I get off the couch . Well  you can get some media in a digital form from the library and stay on your couch if you want .Nice  My life just got a little lazier    Not sure if that is a good thing   . If you need more stuff to do but don t have the equipment you could loan things from a library  they have library of things .Nice    Thanks for the chat 
conversation_852 Good morning  I m going to the library today  Do you like to go to the library .I adore libraries  It was my very first job in high school  There is nothing like the collection of knowledge in a library .Have you ever heard the story of the guy who spent so much time studying in the prison library that he became a lawyer .I have heard of him  I wish more libraries were like sacramento where you can borrow things you need .I think that s so cool that you can borrow things other than books  I m just excited I can borrow DVD s for free .My kids love the dvd section  I like wandering the old books part  It has a smell that is like nothing else .I like older books too  My favorites are the old Mark Twain books.Mark Twain was a great american treasure  His books still are relevent today which is amazing . They are such classics  He was much more successful as a writer than as a riverboat pilot  I m sure .Definately  I can totally see why him and tesla were friends  They were both quite the character .What else do you like to read  I enjoy sci fi books as well.I love mystery novels  Which aparently caused a panic in   th century society .I wonder if they thought people were going to start doing bad things because of them  Have you read Starship Troopers .No I haven t  I m more novels and short stories  Although I d be fascinated to read the bad poetry from the lewis tolkien competition .I can only imagine it is hilarious  I ve heard the military encourages reading because it refines one s critical analysis .I love that they are assigning books to help train  So often in our modern society we default to videos .SO true  Reading gives the opportunity for the reader to come up with their own interpretation rather than blindly following instruction.It is so crucial for language acquistion too  I think that is why we have a disconect in communiction now days  Not a lot of people read beyond articles anymore .At least we have people who donate their own time and resources to help push the idea of reading further .The prime minister from england that donated his own collection to peopel who didn t have books warms my bibliophile heart .and he was     and pushed them almost a mile  that s dedication.A true believer in reading I m sure  I think the way Norway supports authors is amazing .I do too  You are guaranteed to sell at least a      copies .As an author that is a huge milestone 
conversation_853 Good morning   It s cold here and might be the perfect day to curl up in a blanket and read .Hello there  Yeah we got a ton of snow here last night .Hope you don t have to go out in it soon   Do you like to read . Yeah same here  except I have to work tonight   Yeah I read a little bit  how about yourself . Well be careful when you do   I really do like to read  but I probably don t spend enough time doing it   It s too bad I m not Anne Jones who is the world record speed reader and can read like       words minute . Holy cow  I don t even know how one could understand that many words that quickly  . I do wonder how much she is able to retain  but it s still impressive Do you normally get your books from the library .I haven t been to the library in a very long time no   I guess the inventor of the brail system finished it at    .What did the braille system inventor finish . The reading and writing system for the blind  the brail system  He invented it  and then perfected it by age     .Wow   That is pretty impressive   Another thing that was impressive to me that I recently found out is that there are more libraries than McDonald s in the US . That is a really cool fact  I would never have guessed that as well  . It seems like I pass three McDonald s to get to one library   Apparently  not all libraries are for books   In Sacramento they have a  library of things  where people can check out sewing machines and other short term use items . Wow  that is a cool idea   I think my local library is doing a similar thing   Did you know many libraries carry video games . I don t   I knew mine carried videos and audiobooks  but didn t know about video games . Yeah I wonder what kinds they have  that would be awesome to rent old sega genesis games or other old consoles .That would be cool   Do you have any favorite authors . Yeah it would be   No  I don t really have a favorite  how about yourself . I m not sure I do  but I know Mark Twain is loved by a lot of people . Yeah I think people really like him   I know my grandmother was a huge fan of Harper Lee  even had a signed copy of To Kill a Mockingbird  . I ve never read it  but I know that both that and Twain s  The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn  have been surrounded in controversy because of the use of the  n  word . Yeah I have read that and also heard about it on the local radio stations as well   Well it was nice talking with you today  I hope you have a good day  
conversation_854 Hello   did you know a man was falsely imprisoned for    years and spent most of his time at the library to prove his innocence .I was not aware of that  That is interesting  Much cheaper than having to buy a lawyer  I do know there are more libraries than there are McDonald s in the US and that s a huge plus considering libraries are much more beneficial to us than Mickey D s .That s crazy.I ve always enjoyed libraries  But there s a library in Sacramento that actually allows you to check out useful stuff like sewing machines for temporary use that I ve wanted to check out .Wow that s pretty cool .Libraries are certainly beneficial to those of us who love reading  Are you a fan of reading  I ve been wanting to check out the book Starship Troopers as it s the first official sci fi book on the reading lists of three of the US military branches .Yes they are  Did you know starship troopers is the first sci fi novel on the reading list of the US military . I did and that s one of the reasons I want to read it to be honest  Of course  one day I d like to beat Anne Jones  record reading speed of      words per minute  Lol Realistically  that ll never happen with me but one can dream  Ha .Haha that would be cool to beat that record . Indeed  It would be difficult though as the reading process requires continuous practice  development as well as refinement  .For sure  I saw there was a moral panic in the   th century due to the spread of reading novels  LOL. Wow  That s hard to believe  Wonder why  I bet CS Lewis and Tolkien had a good laugh about that during their  You laugh  you lose  competition .LOL yea I bet they did have a good laugh about that . Speaking of humor  I always enjoyed Mark Twain s humor  The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn had some funny moments in it .Yes it did  Did you know Nikola Tesla and Mark Twain were best friends .Really  That is so cool  I did not know that actually  I do know Edison filmed the only footage on record of Twain  I ve always wanted to see it  Would be cool if he had footage of Tesla and Twain together .That would be cool  Did you know Thomas Edison filmed the only known footage of Mark Twain . Yeah I did know about that and it s weird  isn t it  Twain had so many funny quips and statements  He once said cherimoya was the most delicious fruit known to man  Truer words have never been spoken  Ha .Very weird  Interesting . He also coined the word  gullible  which is a word I enjoy using  He used it to describe Tom Sawyer s buddies who were tricked into painting a fence .Good talking to you 
conversation_855  Hi  how are you . Hi  Doing great  you like listening to music .I do like listening to music  Do you . Yes  I especially enjoyed Lady Gaga s performance in the movie  A Star is Born   but what I like even more is James Corden and Alicia Keys remake of the lyrics on the song  Shallow  on his comedy show .I love Lady Gaga  She seems so nice  Elton John named her his son s godmother . That s pretty neat  I wonder what kind of gifts or treatment being the godson of Lady Gaga gets especially when she s had so many successful singles from  Poker Face  to  Bad Romance  to  Just Dance   I m familiar with all of them . When ever Poker Face comes on the radio  my son asks me  How do you wake up Lady Gaga  Poker Face  HAHAHA   Gets me everytime . Lol  That s hilarious  I ll have to tell that to my son next time  he s a goofball  He told me when Frozen came out and the songs kept playing over and over again and asked me whether I knew what that song really meant and referred to and I said  No  and he said it s talking about a fart and encouraging people to fart  Oh boys . Geez  My son would love that  He loves poop and fart jokes  which he may or may not have gotten from me  I am not a mature man   . Lol  hear hear  I think it s hilarious watching my young kids talk and laugh so hard at such simple things  They also contribute to the data that from  pm to   am  Netflix accounts for     of all bandwidth in America  Are you a Netflix subscriber .I am  Are you . Yes and it s a great service especially since I ve also been victim of the enormous fees for returning dvds late back when Blockbuster was alive  Reed Hastings  the found of Netflix  created Netflix because of the same fact .Blockbuster had the chance to buy Netflix for    M and passed . That is a bad move  Netflix is now worth   billion dollars since they and youtube together make up for half of peak internet traffic in the US . There s only   blockbuster left in the us and it s in Alaska  I remember when they tried to respond to the nextflix threat  much too late and failed miserably . There s still a Blockbuster left   I thought they declared bankruptcy  but then so many other stores have declared bankruptcy but I still see them  like Radio Shack  K Mart  Sears  etc .bankruptcy is just protection against creditors  They can still operate but a lot just close because they are too far behind  There s no coming back  Like that     late fee you referenced . Oh ok I see  and Toys R  Us too  It s crazy how a few companies have basically bankrupted these stores that were once kings in their industries   Do you like astronomy . I went into a toy r us when they were closing and it was the saddest thing ever  I looked at a capitalist dismantling  literally  of my romanticized childhood . Exactly  I did the same thing and even then  the prices were still so much more expensive than Amazon  I tried to get toys about the solar systems but couldnt  find any .Do you like the solar system . Of course  Interesting to think that there are other planets like Uranus that rotates sideways and  rolls  around the sun rather than spin like other planets . Immature giggle  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_856 Are you a fan of Netflix .I am a fan  It s hard to believe that it was founded back in      .I never knew that  I think they were mostly postal based during that time. Yes  even today Netflix spends    times more on postage than bandwidth . wow  that is crazy   Could be why they have like    billion in debt .Wow  That is a lot of debt  I wonder if Blockbuster is upset they didn t buy Netflix  after several offers to get it for     million  It is worth a lot more now . They are really kicking themselves now  I wonder how blockbuster is doing lol  . I am not sure  there are no Blockbuster stores by me anymore . I think there is only one that exists now  and it does good business  Did you hear how netflix started . No  I am not sure of how it started  Are you .The owner got a    dollar late charge from blockbuster for apollo    and was upset over it  Big mistake blockbuster .That is a big lat fee  Did you know the company expanded internationally in      . Right  I didn t know it took until      to expand  I heard it still isn t in china yet  that would be a huge market . Yes  it might be  Half of peak internet traffic in North America is made up by Netflix and You Tube . wow  I am part of both of those  mostly netflix though  Did you ever see the show lilyhammer . No  I have never seen it  Why . It was Netflix s original show they created  It was pretty good  I recommend it .I ll have look into it  Thanks  Incredible that as of October      they had     million worldwide subscribers .wow so many  It was so nice chatting with you .Nice chatting with you too .Thanks  Enjoy the rest of your day 
conversation_857 Do you like to watch movies .I do like to watch movies   They are generally well crafted escapist entertainment  I might be a super hero as well . I love hero movies  do you have a favorite hero  mine is Spiderman or Peter Parker. Can I say that Robbie the robot from the original lost in space is my hero   Always around and in the way  Danger Will robinson  Danger . That movie was pretty good  Lost in Space  it has a great cast including Molly Parker.Why is it you enjoy Peter Parker   Most super heroes today are hapless everyman s who get special powers and use them for good   Is there a wrong you need to right .No I only think his powers are super cool did you watch Avengers Infinity War . I admit  I have not seen Avengers Infinity War   I did watch the Lost in Space Remake   It was entertaining   But it worried me the way they bounced from ridiculous danger to imminent peril to life threatening situation  It was a bit much . Would you recommend Lost in Space  whats it about just wondering  seems like a good movie. The family  the robinsons  are trying to get to a new planet   They are colonists   Stuff goes wrong  They crash on some unknown planet   They survive   It is not a movie  but a show with a number of episodes   Intense action  Danger   If the action of super hero movie is good four you  you will like . Sounds interesting  anyways do you subscribe to Netflix . I do subscribe to Netflix   I have made a note to look for  Killing Eve   The description of the show seems vague on what actually happens   Spy thriller or what . Its available in Netflix its a British series it seems  I haven seen that one before though  it looks interesting.Dark Humor sometimes appeals Sandra Oh might be nice as well . Im not really sure I like dark humor  but I try to keep an open mind about it. It kind of funny that Lou Ferrigno  the original TV hulk still does hulk voice   Hulk smash   All these characters were created in the      s . He does  thats really interesting  do you know Jarvis  Starks assistant . No  Stark is Iron Man   But Jarvis is not a character I know . Well Jarvis is his computer assistant and the person who does the voice of Jarvis had never seen an Avengers movie  I think thats funny . Yes  if you do the work  you should at least see the end result   Do you like shawarma . I do yeah  one of my favorite foods why do you ask . It is documented that shawarma sales go up because of avengers movies   I like shawarma  but never thought to link the two . I guess its because of the ending scene  heroes gather at end at a Shawarma place  in fact im getting a but hungry not a bad idea  thanks for the chat I think im going to eat a Shawarma now . I would not have known that unless I watched the movie  or had you to explain  Thanks . Thank to you  I feel I have learn a lot of interesting facts  have a nice day  bye
conversation_858 I am a big fan of the Marvel comics  The Avengers is really great . ya I agree  did you hear that due to the avengers there was an increase in shawarma sales haha . Oh awesome  Ha  It was shot with an imax camera  the entire movie  That s just one reason it was spectacular  Imax theater movies are amazing but sometimes make me dizzy . ya sometimes it is too overwhelming  did you ever watch the show recess  the girl who voices gretchen voiced the waitress in the Avengers. Yes  I loved Recess  I didn t know that  how cool  The Avengers  The Age of Ultron was the nineteenth film  . ah interesting  did you watch the original incredible hulk from the   s btw . Heck yeah  I was a big fan of the Hulk  I watched the show religiously every week  My cousin was related to the guy who played him but I cant remember his name . haha ya his name was Lou Ferrigno  and he actually appeared in one of the avengers movies . Oh yeah  I sort of remember that  How cool  I am into reading the Marvel comics too and really enjoy all the characters and the themes  In      marvel offered the rights to sony for all the characters for     million but they only wanted Spiderman for     million because they claimed thats the only one people would care about .haha that s funny  did you know the guy who plays jarvis s voice  I guess he has never watched an avengers movie haha. Noway  what a trip  How would you someone not watch their own work  I am big on watching them with Netflix  Netflix is fast and has super bandwidth . oh definitely  didyou hear about how Netflix was started  like what inspired its creation . No  I am not sure how they started  I do know I am one of     million total subscribers now I can remember when they first started and we would order and mail the dvd s back and forth through the mail . haha ya I remember that  it makes sense they  switched to digital  I guess Netflix spends   x more on postage than on the streaming bandwidth. Man  thats a lot  I heard that the only places that don t have Netflix is North Korea  Syria and Crimea  That sounds about right when you think of North Korea and how oppressed they are . ya  that would make sense  anyway the funny story on how netflix was started is the creator was charged a     late fee for Apollo     that is a good movie though . Oh wow  that is a funny story  I guess everyone in the world gets late fees  not just me  lol . haha yes I haven t gotten a     late fee though  do you like Marvel or DC more btw . Oh man that is a hard question to answer  I don t think I can choose today  I like the characters that was created for kids with poor hearing though  I like the social aspect of Marvel Worldwide inc . ya that is true  I like batman but besides him I only like Marvel  funny that there is one character shared by both Marvel and DC. Oh cool  okay I really like Batman and Robin too  I never forget about the sidekick  Walt Disney acquired Marvel and he branding has just become a   billion dollar venture . ya I remember that  it was back in       seems like a while ago but it has definitely paid off 
conversation_859 hi how are you  do you use netflix . I do  what about you  .I used to watch  i dont know  i cut the cord  LOL. Interesting  I was thinking about it  but I still use it sometimes  .I used to watch quite a bit and realized i needed to use my time better .That is a good point  What if you could be a paid tagger though . I guess that job seems cool  but after a while  you get tired of watching tv and tagging  i would get bored . Yeah  I hear you  Did you know netflix monitors illegal downloads in Europe  .I guess they want to see what people want to watch  netflix can plan then .Do you like Marvel Comics .i dont read comics much  I sometimes see the movies though  not often .I see some of the movies too  I think some of them really can suck though too . yeah  too many explosions and too many battles  i tire of the spectacle  i prefer story. Me too  that is why I am more of a fan of thrillers  What about you  . I prefer dramas and comedies  I figure that superhero films can be good  just too many are geared to kids . I like dramas  Comedies  only on rare occasions  . comedy is tough  and many bad comedies are made  i like superhero films that are comedies though .So did you like Deadpool . I did like Deadpool  only saw the first one  but i like that humor  less superhero stuff  more story and dialog  anyway  great chat .I only saw the first one too  Nice chatting with you .You too  Have a great weekend .Take it easy 
conversation_860 Hello  Do you know a lot about Marvel .Yes I think so  I love the movie infinity War  It was the first film ever to be shot entirely with digital IMAX cameras .You can really tell  I love the attention ot detail they are putting into these movies  They are really diving into some great comics with all of this .Yes I totally agree  For example they included the original Hulk actor in several appearances of the movies .I like Lou Ferrigno  He is totally iconic Hulk  I think they did an awesome job with all the cast really  I m honestly trying to think of a better actor for Jarvis than Paul Bettany and I can t .Yes I totally agree  Isn t it surprising that he has never seen the films .I could see it though because if he wants to portray the character in a certain way watching an edited version might change that subtly and affect the quality of his work.Yes I guess that s a very good point  Do you know why the avengers caused a notable increase in shawarma sales .That is hilarious  I could totally see that too  There are so many funny memes about how the avengers are sitting in that schwarma restaurant and the workers are going about things like nothing happened .Oh I see that explains it  Yes that was hilarious  I love having The Avengers on Netflix so I can watch at anytime  From  pm to   am Netflix accounts for     of all bandwidth in North America .Wow that is a lot of streaming movies  Their original content is quite good too  I like what they have done with some of the marvel characters in their own series .Agreed  I wonder how they got the rights to make those films  Netflix apparently spends    times more on postage than bandwidth .I guess that makes sense  Postage is spendy  Late fees are too though which is how the whole idea of Netflix started  Some guy got a late fee and wasn t having that .Yeah definitely is  I used to hate late fees  So glad Reed Hastings found a way around them .Me too  I can t believe how big Netflix has gotten  I bet blockbuster is kicking themselves they didn t take that deal to buy them for     million back in the day .Yes can you imagine a blockbuster bought them at that time  Netflix is now worth    billion .I m pretty sure blockbuster would still be around if that had happened  I m glad that Hastings was smart and dropped the failing sales idea though  It would have been a shame if Netflix had went under because of it .Yes I completely agree with you  And now look at them go  Netflix has     million total subscribers worldwide .I was shocked to read that only about half of those were in the US  I would have totally though it was more considering it is a quarter of the internet traffic in north america . That really is amazing  But you re right they do have offices in the Netherlands  Brazil  India  Japan  and South Korea  A global market no doubt  It was great chatting with you today .You as well  Have a great day 
conversation_861 Have you ever seen the movie Cloverfield .I have seen the movie Cloverfield which one is your favorite . I liked the first one  I didn t know they had a series  is that available now  .Yes there are a series of these movies  My favorite is    Cloverfield Lane  It has John Goodman and is really good. Yeah  I saw that one  Is there a  rd  I was completely unaware .Yes that is the third one  It s very different though because it does not have a big monster in it  I don t want to give away the ending but it is pretty crazy.Interesting  I will check it out this weekend  I didn t think the second one was as good as the first to be honest .I didn t see the second one actually but I would definitely recommend that you watch the third one it is really good. Ok  the  nd one they are trapped in one room the whole movie  it isn t that great   .Ok haha  Do you have Netflix by the way . No  I canceled my sub a while back  Did you know that Netflix and Youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in north america  .Wow that is crazy  Also Netflix alone can take up about a third of all bandwidth in North America . Yeah  that is pretty crazy  Have you heard of the theory of only one electron in the universe  .I have heard of that  I also heard of the one giant hologram Theory I think that Elon Musk believes in that.Interesting  Did you know there are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand .Wow that is cool  Did you know that stars planets and gas clouds form about    of all matter .I can believe that  Have you heard of the natural selection theory of universes .No I haven t  Can you tell me more about it . Scientists theorize that universes evolve naturally  pretty crazy  .Science is getting very fantastic these days  What about Netflix do you have a Netflix account . I don t  I canceled it after I got hit with a LATE FEE  LOL
conversation_862  Hi  how are you today .hey I m good what do you know about basketball .I sometimes follow NBA ball  What about you . ya I like it  its made up of    teams and only   team is in canada.Hockey and lacrosse are the official sports of Canada  There should be NBA teams in other big cities in Canada though . ya you d think so  It s only the Toronto Raptors apparently. How many players these days would shoot free throws granny style  do you think . probably none  but I would  It s scientifically the best way to shoot . It would look silly  but Rick Barry used to shoot like that  If you had to choose  would you go to college or directly into the NBA . oh I d go right to the NBA  I wouldn t do what tim duncan did and stay in college  you . Too much money at stake  and people can go to college at any age  You can always get a degree  but NBA players are young . yup I agree  did you ever try on some air jordans . No  never tried them  Stylish but expensive .ya I guess they were banned from the NBA but Nike kept paying the fee. The fines would have been trivial for Nike  far less than the value of the publicity  . ya for sure  did you ever play chess .Played a little many years ago  Not really my game  You . I used to be really good  its crazy it was invented in India and then perfected in Persia  its very old. It s a cerebral game with fans all over the world  Well  I enjoyed chatting .thanks you should check out books by judit polgar she s great at chess .Will do  Ciao .yup and just know there are more moves in chess than atoms in the galaxy 
conversation_863  Parenting can be really hard  it requires a lot of hard work and patience . Hi  how are you  I wouldn t want to be a solo parent  It sounds like a tough job to balance career and child care . I know  it seems like a lot of suffering  kids can be difficult specially if you have more than one.It s important for kids to have good toys  Did you play with Lego as a child . I did  I used to love legos  what about you . I did  and I loved them  I like the company  too  Lego is investing millions to ditch their oil based plastics in search of environmentally friendly alternative. I think thats a great call  afterall they have the money and its better if they are environmentally responsible  Lego sure is a big and wealthy company . In February       Lego replaced Ferrari as Brand Finance s  world s most powerful brand   They ve earned it  .I think this is because of the quality of their pieces out of         only    turn out to be deffective . Customers pay a premium for quality  The company recognizes employee dedication  A    karat gold lego brick was given out in the early   s to employees who had worked at the germany lego factory for over twenty five years  they are valued at nearly         . I see  that is really expensive I wouldnt pay that much for a lego brick  did you hear about that German Graffiti artist . Oh  the guy who painted a     square meter bridge to make it look like it was made out of lego  Yeah  that s cool  A world of Lego  Could paint a whole neighborhood like that . I wonder if the bridge is still painted  that is pure art  I know I would keep it there  .It would attract tourists and Lego fans  I assume there are many around the world  If all the Lego bricks produced were shared out equally every single person on earth would own    Lego bricks . I would like to take a photo next to that bridge  and that is amazing  there must be billions of lego bricks then  do you like reading . Yes  I enjoy reading  I don t get to the library much now though .Not enough time  there more libraries than McDonalds . Mostly I go online for reading material  There are other things at libraries though  The Sacramento public library started a  library of things  . I wonder what the Sacremento library means but things  seems kind of random  . Things like sewing machines and other items that patrons may find useful  but don t need to own long term  Lending tools instead of books . I see well  I like old books from CS Lewis and Tolkien  I consider both as great authors 
conversation_864 Do you spend much time reading . Yes I love to reading   although lately ive been doing audio books because I have been busy  How about you .I adore reading  I think it is best way to travel to unknown worlds and escape reality for a little while .Yeah its great really expands your mind   Did you know the world reacord speed reader reads at      words per min.wow  I wonder if they actually retain anything at that point  Are you just flying past the words or do you absorb the story . I have no clue   I cant imagine they preocess everything they read at that point   but I am not an expert  .I would rather take my time and savor the classics like the works of lewis and tolkien . I wouldnt mind being able to read fast   but I still want to absorb the information   otherwise what is the point lol .Yeah I mean yay you can ready fast but you are missing out on all the wonders that the library holds .Yeah exactly   In the   th century there was a moral panic because people were reading so many novel hahahahah.Wow i wonder what they would do if they read some of the things we have now like    shades of gray and twilight . Thats funny   Twilight is a way better book in your imagination   the movies were pretty horrible  .I ve never read the books  I saw the movies and that just ruined it for me  I heard the writing was rather bad in them though . It was simple   nothing unique   but I enjoyed it   I wish I never seen the movies though   Did you know if you publish a book in Norway the government will buy      copies and distribute them to libraries   .That is pretty awesome  I think it is a great way to encourage budding writers  it is so hard to bet a book published in the us . Theres are more libraries than mc donalds in the US   thats suprising   mc donalds is everywhere lol .That makes me happy  I think a lot of people in the world could use more libraries and more knowledge in their lives .Same   I also read over half of adults have library cards .I would think it would be higher than that  I don t think there is enough access to libraries for the people in certain areas of the us .Yeah thats true .It is so cool how some libraries are letting people check out other things than books  Like in sacramento where they can get sewing machines or tools 
conversation_865 did you know that Spider man has a hyphen in the name so that he wouldn t be confused with Superman by people that were reading quickly. I didn t know that  crazy . ya that is wild  also Stan Lee s wife did voice acting for the      Spider man cartoon  I watched that as a kid  did you . I did actually  I thought the best spider man was Toby though  Not sure about this reboot  . haha ya I didn t mind him  definitely better than the guy from The Social Network  I haven t seen the new movies  but it is wild to think that Capn Crunch s arch nemesis has battled Spiderman  now that is something I want to see in a movie haha.Is that who the new one is  Ughhh  Too many reboots these days . Ya hollywood keeps making reboots I suppose because they are a safer investment than a new franchise  did you hear of the SpiderMan broadway musical  I never saw it but it was the most expensive broadway production in history.I liked the batman reboots  I actually saw the musical when I lived in NY for spiderman .oh nice how was it  I wanted to see it but I think they stopped it at this point  I think they cancelled it soon after that one guy got injured and insurance was sued. It was great  my work actually gave us the tickets before it got canceled  . well that s nice  do you play chess at all  I guess they did a study and there is no correlation between chess skill and iq level.I believe it  I m not so sure the IQ tests are accurate to be honest . Ya I m not sure I haven t taken one  but the president of the world chess Federation thinks that chess was invented by aliens  I don t know how high of an iq that guy could have if he believes that haha. I haven t played much Chess to be honest  that sounds crazy that he believes that though  . ya I used to study it a little bit back in the day  what is crazy is there are more possible chess moves than there are atoms in the universe  that s a lot of permutations .really  I suppose that may be possible . what do you think of Judith Polgar  I remember I bought her chess book  anyway she beat a family friend at chess when she was only  . That s insane  and apparently Chess was invented in india  . hmm I didn t know that  I did know it was modified by the Persians  my one friend is persian and he would always say that haha.I wonder if they hold special championships there because of that . Oh I bet they do  he was very Pro Persian so it wouldn t surprise me  all persians I have met have been very proud of their heritage. Interesting  I ve never been to India  I bet it is pretty cool  . Ya I haven t either  I should go someday and play chess with those people 
conversation_866 Hi there  Are you a fan of Netflix .Not so much  I understand it has     million subscribers worldwide . That s true  and almost    million of those are in the US  Hard to believe it s been around since      back in the Blockbuster days .Ha  I bet Blockbuster regrets buying Netflix  Now worth   billion dollars .I know  They declined several offers of only     million  That pales in comparison is it s current Net Worth . Oops  So sorry  but you noticed that my keyboard did not include the word  not  as in  not buying Netflix   Sometimes my typing is lacking  Anyway  I remember going to Blockbuster for videos and DVD s  What an opportunity for Hastings and Randolph to jump on the enterprise . Apparently  Hastings got the idea of starting Netflix after racking up a     late fee on Apollo    . Can you imagine  I m not surprised that it is not available in China  Syria  North Korea  and Crimea  I believe China won t allow the use of Google in the country  They are very closed to outside . I suppose that makes sense considering the types of government in those areas  plus  Netflix still has offices in Brazil  India  Japan  and South Korea .I guess if possible it could be in outerspace  Ha  There is a vey large universe to expose to Netflix  Ha . Haha  and isn t the Universe potentially just one giant hologram  man . Wow  I never thought of that possibility  I wonder who would have created that    Hummmm  Man use to believe the earth was the center of the universe  but after scientific research  it was discovered that the sun is probably the center . Haha  well  the sun is center of our solar system  not the Universe  The universe makes up a LOT of things . Oh  right  Thanks for correcting that  Don t know what my keyboard was thinking  I need a robot to do my typing . Yeah  robots are capable of carrying out many complex actions .Can you imagine Michael Jackson wanted to build a moon walking robot that was    feet tall .No more difficult to imagine than the robot which knows how to debone a chicken  Haha.Crazy  Isn t it  Do you think someone will really create a human form robot . I mean  robots can now be controlled by rat brains  so I don t see why not .A bit scary  Don t you think  It s good if they can be used by the military  It s always interesting to see the police use robots to enter possible bomb sites . Yeah  it s a double edged sword  for sure  They ve saved millions of lives  I m sure  Anyway  it s been nice chatting with you  Enjoy your day 
conversation_867 Do you like to dance. Yes  I do you  Do you .Only after a few drinks  I turn into a real michael jackson dancer lol.LOL I wonder if that is how Bruce Lee won the cha cha championship in      .I think so too  lol  I have a baby and she dances better than I can .Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music  Does yours . she does so much  I just got a funny video last night of her doing it .I m sure you make lots of videos of her  The time goes by fast . I do lol  so fast  Do you own fish at all or like to eat them .I built a pond in my backyard  The birds seem to eat fish more than I do . lol that is awesome and makes sense  Put a jelly fish there  one breed is immortal.I would be afraid of jelly fish in my pond . right me too  lol  Even black swallower fish  they can eat other fish that are much bigger  probably birds too.I definitely won t have them in my pond   LOL. That is a good idea lol  Put seahorses in there though  those are always fun  They are the only fish with a neck.I love seahorses They would be hard to see in my pond  I do have a water tower but I m not sure if they would go in there . I don t think so either  Speaking back to dancing  did you know tupac was a ballet dancer at one point .I ve read that   he was also in the Nutcracker . That would be interesting to see  I may youtube it  It was so nice chatting with you .It s been nice chatting with you  I m sure it would be fun to watch .For sure  Enjoy your weekend 
conversation_868 Hi do you shop online . Most of the time now  my favorite shop is amazon  and you . Me too  it is so awesome  Do you ever shop the AMazonBasics line .Yes they say the quality is not that great but I find them to be quite good.Yeah me too  Did you know Jeff built a clock on a mountain.Oh neat  They also created a new font just for kindle and similar devices called bookerly .Neat  Yeah Jeff built it and it is supposed to run for a        years .WOw that is too long  They also hold the patent on the   click buying.Wow they have done everything  Do you know how much the first customer spent .I do not know that but I know that because of the patent Apple has to pay amazon to use the   click buying.Nice  The first customer got a building named after him after he spent less than    .WOw nice  They also have a website where they sell the returned stuff discounted. Nice  that is a sweet deal  They deliver on Sundays too now because of a deal with USPS.THat is so convenient Do you know what the arrow in their logo represents . Oh I do not know that actually  what is it there for .Well it means that they offer everything from a to z.That makes sense  Their warehouse workers walk up to    miles.That is a lot  BestBuy and Target price match with Amazon.That is a sweet deal  ANd Amazon also owns IMDB since     .THey are everywhere really  DO you like robots . I sure do  they are becoming part of our lives
conversation_869  Hello  do you like the Avengers .My son likes it more than I do   I like movies produced by Marvel Studios .That s cool  Did you know that Marvel goes by Marvel Cinematic Universe too . No  I did not   Now I do .Yep and the actor who voices jarvis has never seen the movies . Really   That was odd   Apparently  Avengers   Infinity War is the first film ever to be shot entirely with digital imax cameras .That s cool and that the original Incredible Hulk actor has been the voice of the Hulk up to this day since the    s  . I like the Hulk  Lou Ferrigno deserves it   When I am angry at work  I want to become the green giant . Yeah hahaha oh wow  did you know that the Seahorse is the only fish to have  aneck . I heard about it   Apparently  there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal .I dont doubt it i dont think they have a heart so   .I m confused   Who have no heart .The Jellyfish.I wonder if scientists have studied their genes   Some people want to be immortal . Well  i think the best bet for that will be to look at the zebrafish more closely .Please tell me about the zebrafish .Well they    percent of the counterparts for human diseases.I see   I m amazed though    We are so different from the zebrafish .Thats why alot of secrets lie in the genes. Apparently  the black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weight   That is odd   I do not want to be near that fish  .Maybe thats how it got its name haha. There are so many interesting facts about fish   I wish I could chat longer   However  it is getting late   I would like to say good night and it was truly nice chatting with you 
conversation_870 Hey how are you  Do you like shopping on Amazon .I do   I find that it has a lot of what I need and a lot of variety as well. I agree  you can find all kinds of stuff on there  It s the largest internet retailer in the world .And it will only get bigger   It has thousands of items from every category one can think of. Yep  did you know that Jeff Bezos actually built a clock into a mountain .Sounds like he is using that Amazon stock money to good use then   I can imagine how big his house might be. The clock should run for        apparently  I bet his house is huge .Not as big as an Amazon warehouse though   Workers walk      miles a day during their shift.That s alot of walking there  I thought my   miles per shift was alot .I figured Amazon a lot of robot helpers in the warehouse to take some of the heavy load   Since robots are becoming more and more useful in work life. I think they re starting to incorporate them  but there is some things that humans just do better  Did you know that the first Amazon customer spent        and got a building named after him . Wow  and I have spent thousands over the years and all I get is free shipping . I agree  I guess we just weren t early enough  .I did not know originally that AMazon owns IMDB   No wonder their movies do well with Critics.I didn t know that either  I like Amazon Prime video though .They do have some good TV and movies on their service   I suppose one could buy only from Amazon for everything and probably be ok . Probably so  between them and Wal Mart I m set  . I shop at walmart too  but it is always so busy   The great thing about amazon is it just shows up at my house   Even on Sundays. I love getting my Amazon packages on Sundays  I started doing the grocery pickup at Wal Mart  and I ll do instore pickups so I don t have to really go inside or deal with the registers .That makes sense   And of course you can still get things shipped from walmart to your home . Yep  I believe they re trying to keep up with Amazon  Well I hope you have a great day  It was nice chatting with you  
conversation_871  Hai Have you purchased on the amazon .I have purchased on the amazon  Have you . yes Do you think the service will be useful for you on the website.It has been reaaly helpful in buying hard to find items or everyday items I do not want to go out and buy  Do you enjoy the amazon . yes i like very much Buying things as it is at home is useful.What s been your best purchase .mobile phone and LED TV . Nice  Did you buy a clock you could build into a mountain that could last for        years .sorry I m not sure do you can. Oh  Jeff Bezos bought one so I thought they were available on Amazon  I wonder how big it is . okay What do you think about the robot . I like robots  Do you think they will take over the world though  I am worried about it  a lot . Of course  I have that sadness but do you think it s possible.I am not sure but I have seen what Boston Dynamics can do with their AI and robots and they have some evolving robots . yes definitely do you like horror film .Not really  I get too scared and leave the theater or turn it off  Do you .i like so much horror film and very interesting story .Nice  What s your favorite horror film.Insidious  The Last Key this film is my favorite . I have never heard of it  It s a horror film  I will have to check it out  if Im not too scared  .okay 
conversation_872 Hello   how are you today . Hi  well  How are you doing  Are you a robot  .I am doing good and no I am not a robot  Did you know from  pm to   am Netflix accounts for     of all bandwidth in North America .That s pretty crazy   Netflix apparently really has a thing for Cloverfield doesn t it .Netflix is pretty successful  I saw that them and YouTube make up about half of the peak internet traffic in North America .I d like to see more robot movies  Maybe Netflix can work on that  I think they could explore Megatron s background more .I saw that Netflix spends    times more on postage than bandwidth .Yeah I guess they still send out DVDs  That s a lot of postage .That s a lot of postage .Netflix has over     movies with      on Rotten Tomatoes  I wonder how many of those I ve seen .Wow that s crazy.I jumped on the Netflix streaming bandwagon in      when they started  How about you .I just recently got Netflix because it was bundled in my with T Mobile account  I watch it periodically .I think a fun job would be one of the people that watches Netflix movies and shows and tags them for subjects and indexing  Paid to binge watch .That would be a very fun job  Wonder how much it pays  Netflix is worth    billion now .And    million subscribers in the US alone  That s like    th the population .yea that s a lot .They re pretty smart too  They monitor illegal downloads to get a feel for what shows to stream .Yep I ve heard that they do that too . I d like them to adapt some Isaac Asimov  He invented the word  robotics  actually .It was great talking to you 
conversation_873  do you like horror films  I guess Stephen King considers Bambi to be a horror movie  I never would have guessed that . Hello there  really  I wonder why he would have ever said that   . ya  have you seen it  Like it s sad but not a horror movie to me  more like a sad one though haha.I think I have but when I was really young   Do you know how they make the majority of metallic noises in horror movies .haha no I don t how do they do it  some kind of weird instrument .Yeah I guess it is called a waterphone   Sounds like a pretty crazy instrument to me . ya I need to look up what that sounds like  also I shoudl watch more horror movies apparently you can burn almost     calores from watching one  that would help me lose weight .Yeah I guess they must get your heart racing pretty fast   What are some of your horror favorites . Well I like The Shining  I like Nightmare on Elm Street  and Halloween is a classic  what about you . Yeah good call  the Shining is one of the best ever   Halloween is a good one too and so is Nightmare   I really like Rosemary s Baby  have you seen that one . no I haven t  what is that about  I have heard of it but I haven t seen it yet. It is really good  it is about a wife who gets set up by her husband and she gives birth to the devil basically   . haha oh wow  well you like the shinning  its good to know that Danny from the movie didn t realize he was making a horror movie at the time  that could have scarred him for life .Yeah I think that is pretty funny though   I wonder what kind of movie he thought he was gettin into .haha ya I wonder if they shot the scenes out of order or told him lies to keep it so he didn t know what he was diong haha. Yeah I think you might be right about that  On a different note  are you a user of Amazon . ya I like to buy stuff from there  I don t have prime anymore i didn t use it enough  what about you . Yeah I use them quite often  especially around the holidays   Do you know what the first ever amazon purchase was . no I don t  I do know the guy would bought the first item got a building named after him though  what was it .Yeah good call  I guess he paid        and got a building named after him yeah . I mean it is cool to get a building named after you  but it would have been cooler to get something physical  really anything  instead of that haha but thats just me
conversation_874 Good day  Do you like netflix . I used to  no longer have a subscription  .Did you know that netflix was founded by reed hastings and marc randolph in      . I did know that  he is still the CEO  He was just on CNBC  .Ntflix has over     million subscribers worldwide        million in the us alone .WOW  That is a lot .That really is a lot of subscribers  From  pm to    am netflix accounts for     of the internet traffic in north america .I can believe it  I canceled my subscription because I wasn t watching it enough .All in all Netflix and youtube together make up half of the peak internet traffic . Yeah  that is true  What do you know about the universe  .I know that it is all of space and time and all of their contents  So basically everything .Interesting  Did you know the universe may exist inside a black hole .Yeah I heard that  So do you think that the Universe evolved thropugh natural selection like humans have . It could be true  To be honest  nobody really knows  .I think it is  I mean its just a bunch of rocks floating through space  The bigger ones are going to encapsulate the smaller ones over time . Yeah  that is true  What do you know about robots  .I heard that Michael jackson had planned to build a    ft robot to moonwalk the deserts of las vegas . OMG  that s hilarious  Who actually knows what that guy was thinking  .This is kind of scary to me  I guess they can use a rats brain to control a robot  It wont be long until they can do it with humans . I wouldn t be surprised if they ve already tried  Well  nice chatting with you .It was a lovely chat  Have a wonderful day 
conversation_875  hi there  do you watch the NBA .Yes I do  Do you know who Reggie Miller is .Yes the NBA player that was always beaten at the game by his sister. Yes the woman was a star  broke   national records once.Amazing  Do you like Iverson . I do  he signed a killer deal with Rebook           a year till he is   .Yes and after that he gets     million .Yeah sweet deal the guy is pretty much set for life now.Yeah  Do you ever practice the granny shot .Yeah but players do not like it because it is funny  Do you play chess . Sometimes  there are more positive moves than atoms alltogether in the universe.Wow nice  The president of the federation believes it is invented by aliens.Wow  Judit Polgar beat someone at it when she was only  .Wow nice smart kid  The game was invented in India and not by aliens though.Haha yeah during the Gupta empire actually .Yeah  DO you like SPiderman .I love the movies  Do you know why it has a hyphen in the name .Yes so it can be distinguished from Superman as they sound similar.Yeah  Stan Lee s wife did the voice for Madame Web in the early SPider man series. Wow that is awesome  they were both into these kind of things .So awesome  Spiderman is also the most expensive Broadway production
conversation_876 Hey there are you a spiderman fan  Or should I say spider man   Stan Lee used the hyphen so people wouldn t confuse him with superman .Spider man is a fictional super hero created by Stan lee   He has appeared in comic books .Yes he is  More specifically he is the alias of Peter Parker who is an orphan because his parents were killed . He is lived with his uncle  Peter is very innocent boy   He is character is designed with adolescence and financial problems .Yes have you ever seen the Spiderman movie  The movie was created by Sony because they have the cinematic rights to Spiderman .He appears in American comic books which are published by Marvel Comics  Spider man first appeared in      .I thought he first appeared in the amazing fantasy number    which was published in August       This was the silver age of comic books .It is very interesting to know it  I think you read comic books  Who is your superhero  .I like Superman  But Spiderman is cool too  I would love to see the Broadway musical about Spiderman  It was the most expensive production in Broadway history .Music also plays an important role in superhero movies   Graphic designers have an important job too .Yes you are right  Did you know Stan Lee s wife voiced Madame Web in the      spiderman series .Stan lee did not want people to confuse spider man with superman  They re different movies  It is very tough for designers to make dresses  it requires a lot of effort .Yes it does  Cap n Crunch arch rivals sogmaster and the soggies exist in the marvel universe and have even battled spiderman  That is so funny . Stan lee is excellent writer also  he make the movie interesting  Which is your favourite sports  . I love basketball and especially the NBA  It was founded in New York on June         . It is the famous US pastime  In the middle ages  large numbers of people played this game in towns and cities  It was quite popular .Yes it is one of my favorites  The NBA banned air Jordans in the past but he wore them anyway because Nike paid the fines before each game . The league was found in June         as BAA  In the       the league adopted it NBA  after merging with national basketball league .Yes  One of my favorite players was Reggie Miller  But his sister was almost better than him  It was pleasant talking with you this morning .Very nice chatting with you  Have great day .Bye now 
conversation_877 Hi  Do you enjoy reading  I ve been wanting to read Starship Troopers since it s the first Sci Fi novel to make the reading lists of three US military branches  It must be great . I love reading  I read starship troopers a long time ago  saw the movie too  Heinlein was in the military  the navy  i think .That s awesome  I d also like to read Ender s Game as it s also suggested for military organizations even including the Marine corps . i never saw the movie for that  but i did read the book  Orson Scott Card is a great writer  would you ride a reading bicycle . Ha  I don t know if I d be able to  But what I do wish is that I could read       words per minute which is a world record set by Anne Jones  Wouldn t that be awesome . I guess  but how much does she retain  can she remember all that info  we should give her a test a week later . That is a good point  She probably doesn t retain much  Ha  On a related reading note  I find it sad that there was a moral panic over the spread of the reading of novels back in the   th Century  I m so glad we don t love back in those times . Yeah  poetry was considered the highest form of literature  and novels were vulgar  dealing with themes not suitable for civilized people . Such a shame  But to lighten things up  Tolkien and CS Lewis both held a you laugh  you lose  competition while reading horrible poetry  I think that s hilarious  Ha  I bet they had plenty of laughs too .I would buy tickets to that event  it sounds great  those two were terrific authors . Indeed they were  Speaking of authors and books  do you like libraries  I m glad to hear there are still more libraries than there are McDonald s here in the US and over half the adult population still has library cards  That gives me a little hope . I am amazed by that fact  there is so much obesity in the US  i figure it would be the other way around  maybe we could combined libraries and fast food  LOL. Hey  maybe so  It would be similar to the Sacramento library that started a library of things where they let you check out stuff you may need temporarily but don t want to own like sewing machines . the tool library is an awesome idea  many people dont have enough money for some basic tools  reduce  reuse recycle  it is a good system . That is a great idea  actually  I wonder if they sell tools at the  library of things   Speaking of libraries  I think it s nice that if you publish a book in Norway  the government there buys      copies and distributes them to libraries across their country  I wish every government would do that .I will move to Norway  I will write childrens books and become rich  that is now my plan  Yes . It s a great idea  We mentioned the library of things previously  but I wonder if they also rent out legos    I love Legos  In fact  the German  Lego factory would give out a   k gold Lego brick to employees who had worked there for    years back in the early   s  I think that is awesome and it s too bad they still don t do that today .I think that is great  I would love to work for Lego  I think the library just lends out tools for adults . Probably so  Well speaking of legos  did you ever hear about that German graffiti artist who painted a     square meter bridge to resemble a lego  That takes serious talent  Ha . That is a cool way to decorate the urban landscape   Anyway  thanks for the chat . Agreed it is  But Legos are so popular now  as it has movies  amusement parks  games and competitions all under it s name brand  Well thanks for chatting with me as well  Hope you have a great day  friend . You  too  Have a great day .You have a great day as well  I m off to read how Lego replaced Ferrari as the world s most powerful brand  Ha  Take care 
conversation_878  How s it going  have you ever played with Legos  I never knew the company that owns them is from Denmark. Yes  The cool thing is that Legos are too much fun  Lego pieces can be assembled and connected in many ways to construct objects including vehicles  buildings  and working robots . Yea  they have been one of the best toys since Legos came out in     . I agree and they also support movies  games  competitions as well as six Legoland amusement parks  These have all been developed under the Lego brand .That s pretty cool  DId you know only    out of          lego bricks produced are defective . That s a great percentage of low defects   To top that off  legos are so consistent that they allow these bricks manufactured today to interlock with the ones made back in       . That s pretty cool  they also treat their employees well  in the german lego factory some even got a    karat gold lego brick.That is awesome   Did you know that a German graffiti artist painted a     square meter bridge to make it look like it was made out of legos . No but that sounds like a nice piece of art  I wonder if drivers were scared to drive on the lego looking bridge. I know  right   Lego is now investing millions to ditch their oil based plastics in search of an environmentally friendly alternative . That s pretty cool  I wonder if their are any good lego books .I m not sure but if all the lego bricks produced were shared out equally every single person on earth would own    lego bricks .Nice  Have you ve ever read Starship Troopers  It s on the reading list of the US military. No  I haven t   I do know that in the   th century there was a  moral panic  because of the spread of the reading of novels . I wonder what made people in the   th century have a moral panic lol  maybe it was because most people couldn t read. That could be  It s hard to say   Do you like the library   Did you know that a library collection includes not only books but periodicals  newspapers  manuscripts  films  maps  prints  documents  microfilmn  CDs  cassettes  videotapes  DVDs  Blu rays  e books  databases and other formats . Yea  in Norway if you publish a book the government buys      copies to put into the library.That is great  Did you know that there are more libraries than McDonalds in the US and over half of all adults have a library card .Lol no but it s good to know theres more libraries than McDonalds. I was surprised at that myself  Did you know that a man falsely imprisoned for    years spent most of his time at the library to study law and prove his innocence  and then became a lawyer to help free other people who have been falsely convicted . Nope  glad he got out  Well it was nice chatting with you
conversation_879 Memes like the cursed sarcophagus are really odd .What makes you say that .I think the fact something based in fact iike archaeologists discoveries can quickly become an obsession .I thought it started with finding three skeletons in one sarcophagus. It did  but archaeologists found the skeletons and a mysterious liquid .Some believe the liquid to be an energy drink and some believe it to be vaping juice .Somebody even jokingly called it sauce and called for baking a fused ziti .I would have preferred to sign the petition for the energy drink . Perhaps  but this takes me back to silly memes and a     billion year old planet .We have enough energy from the sun to keep the planet running for hundreds of thousands of years. True  but More than    percent of the earth s natural forests have already been destroyed.Thankfully we have plenty of water in reserve so as long as we don t pollute it. In september of       the united nations appointed official ambassador to extraterrestrials   perhaps they can help with that .I find that a bit odd and haven t been able to verify that fact  Its like the UN having an amabassador for the sarcophagus too. I d like to see someone post a video on the second largest search engine  YouTube about that .I might start my own channel on YouTube dedicated to the sarcophagus findings. Good luck with that  just don t repost Justin bieber s  baby    it is the most disliked video on youtube.I hate that video too   I might make a parody of it instead . I would try and get it on someplace other than Pandora radio  so the rest of the world can hear it . Pandora is relatively new  started in      so I am not sure I will have enough followers on Pandora versus YOuTube. True  although Pandora now streams comedy  so that might help 
conversation_880 Hello there  How great is the planet we live on  It was formed     billion years ago .Good morning   It is great I agree   I think it s amazing that over     of it is covered in water . Yes I love water  Most of the water is from oceans but some of it is from lakes  rivers  and other sources .I do too   Have you heard about the forests being destroyed .Yes I can t believe more than     of the earth s natural forests have been destroyed .I know   I can t help but wonder what that is going to mean for the planet in the long run   Will it have an effect on the earth s polar regions which are covered in ice . Yes I think it will and already has  Also  earth will be virtually Helium free by the end of the twenty first Century . That s an interesting thought  Helium has to be used for more than just blowing up balloons so that will change things I guess   Also  everything natural with the planet is probably important in some way to it so things will change planet wise too .Yes I completely agree  And in the big scheme of things the lives of humans is so small relative to the earth .Very true   I ve heard that if earth s history was viewed as a day we would only be just over a minute of it .Yes I can t believe it  I think it s fascinating that the earth s interior has a solid inner core and the liquid outer core that generate s a magnetic field .That is interesting   Do you find it interesting also how the earth and moon interact .Oh yes definitely  Thanks for that interaction we get our ocean tides  I am sure the surfers are grateful as well .True   Isn t it amazing how everything works and such   Without the moon the planet would rotate a great deal faster too   Imagine what that would be like .Yes who knows what it would be like  There definitely wouldn t be a YouTube  Google actually bought youtube back in      . Youtube must have had rapid growth in it s first year because it was just created in      and then like you said  Google buys it the next year .Yes and for a big sum of      billion dollars  They really cashed out .They really did   Did you know it s the second largest search engine on the net .I actually didn t realize that  Justin Bieber s Baby is the most disliked video on the site  People must be jealous  Well it was lovely chatting with you this morning .People are also busy watching   Youtube combined with Netflix makes up half of peak internet traffic in the country   It s been nice chatting with you as well .Police also have their own called blutube  Have a good day 
conversation_881 hi how are you  are you good over there today on the other side of the internet  things are pretty good here .Its pretty good   Did you watch the Oscars the other night   That is always a fun show. i did not watch the oscars  normally the show is boring  well  to me   a bit slow  i check the next day to see who won  .Did you know that Daniel Day Lewis is the only actor to win best actor   times .he deserves it  the man is a genius  MY LEFT FOOT  amazing performance  tom hanks won tice .Blazing Saddles was even nominated for   oscars   great flick .that was an AWESOME flick  could not be made these days  too much language  maybe as a south park episode .Though tamer flicks are still popular   Walt Disney won    oscars.Uncle Walt knew how to please an audience quality was always there  quality always lasts . Yes for sure   though somehow enimen has more oscars than decaprio  depp  will smith  george lucas and bill murray combined   How the heck did that happen . eminem is pretty cool  but really the oscars seem too political  i figure they dole out favors to their favorites  .Maybe   but oddly enough the Oscars was nominated for    emmys in      .i dont understand myself  the show is a bit slow for my taste  i figure that they are doing each other favors or something .I don t know   Do you like basketball   College basketball tends to go at a faster pace.the college game is for fun  i think the kids want to play their hearts out  the pros have other plans .That is for sure although Kareem Abdul Jabbar got the dunk banned in college basketball for over    years.They had it in for the man  he was too good  and he was changing the game without the permission of the forces that be .Yes   I am not sure the coaches deserve that much pay however   in    states a football or basketball coach makes the most money. the coaches are not the most important  but they get paid the most  anyway  great chat there .Yes I would personally rather play basketball at the US supreme court.I would not  Have a great day .Yes but I would have a better chance of beating Ginsberg than Jordan 
conversation_882 Hi  Are you a fan of Jordan Peele  I m so glad he won an Oscar for Get Out  Thankfully he finished writing it after stopping    times . Somewhat  Its good he didn t give up   Glad he won the Oscar too  I m not surprised Walt Disney holds the record for the most Oscars .I m not surprised either honestly  Just as I wasn t too surprised to discover Daniel Day Lewis is the only actor to win an Oscar for best actor three times .Oh I know  He s the best actor  All of his movies are great  .So true  Were you also a fan of Blazing Saddles  It s crazy it was nominated for three Oscars  Now that surprised me  Ha . Yes  that s funny  I can remember it  Did you see Frozen  It was inspired by The Snow Queen . That s interesting  I wasn t aware of that  I do know that Jennifer Lee  the writer and co director  was the first Disney animation feature film female director and also the first female director whose movie made more than   billion at the box office  That was awesome and quite an accomplishment . Agree  being the first female Robert Lopez is one of twelve people to win an emmy  grammy  oscar and a tony . Wow  Now that s truly an accomplishment right there  Talk about a jack of all trades  And here I thought Eminem having more Oscars than Johnny Depp  Leo  Will Smith  Bill Murray and George Lucas combined was impressive  not as impressive as Robert Lopez s accomplishments  Ha .Do you watch basketball  I didn t know New Zealand had a team . I wasn t aware of that either  I do watch and enjoy basketball though  I do think it s crazy the highest paid employee in    of the    states are either college football or basketball coaches  That s kind of sad  really . lol  I agree  James Naismith who invented basketball is the only losing coach at the University of Kansas . That s kind of ironic  isn t it  Did you know there s a basketball court on the top floor of the supreme court building which is called  the highest court in the land   Ha .Good name   Great way to get exercise at work .No kidding  Ha  But them there s athlete s like Kareem Abdul Jabbar who got dunking banned from college basketball for over a decade  He must have been a monster dunker . lol  i agree to get banned . We talked about the Oscars earlier  did you also know that the Oscars themselves were nominated for   Emmys back in      . Yes  I saw that  How does that work . Good question  Ha  Since the Emmys are basically the Oscar equivalent for television and was modeled after the Oscars  it s a little strange .yeah  It doesn t make sense  lol Have a good night   Good chat . True  But as long as the Oscars keep awarding and nominating first time directors like Jordan Peele  then they deserve awards too I suppose  Crazy he s only the third first time director to have their directorial debuts appear in all three categories  Well it was great chatting with you as well  Have a great evening 
conversation_883  Hi there  do you watch the Academy Awards . Occasionally   I am not a fan of the political commentary  but I enjoy seeing the actors recognized for fine performances .Nice  Did you ever watch Blazzing Saddles  It was nominated for three Oscars. Oh  yeah  Lilly von Shtoop is a fine actress    But I prefer the acting of legendary actor Daniel Day Lewis  the only actor to win best actor   times.Yeah that is quite something for him  Funny enough Eminem has won more Oscars than Leo di Caprio. I would never have guessed that one  But I would have guessed that Walt Disney would be recognized  but    oscars  Unreal .I know they guy has set the standard too high now  Even Oscars were nominated for   Emmys  Strange. And the Emmy for best Academy Awards show goes to   the Academy Awards  Accepting on behalf of the Academy  James Naismith  the inventor of the game of basketball  who also is the only losing coach in Univ of Kansas history .Hhahaha that is so strange really  I guess it took a while to get the game going  Still those coaches are the highest paid state employees. Yeah  Strange world we live in  One where New Zealand nicknames their basketball team  the Tall Blacks .I wonder how that flies there really  Have you heard of the highest court on land . Yes  the basketball court where Ruth Bader Ginsberg dominates at the boards  .I wonder how tall that building is really   Do you ever watch animated movies . Yes  I loved the film  Frozen  You . Yes me too   It was the first DIsney movie to be written directed by a female. Yeah  and the first female to direct a feature film that earned more than    billion  Now that is shattering the glass ice  ceiling .What an achievement  Did you know Elsa was originally scripted to be the villain . Ah  but with such a great song  Let it go  how could she remain a villian .I know that is the only reason she was changed to a good character because the song was so uplifting. And to think  the movie Frozen was originally going to be called  Snow Queen   but the folks at Disney decided that feminine names are bad   . THat makes me sad honestly  that we judge based on that 
conversation_884 lets talk about earth  Its sad that More than    percent of the earth s natural forests have already been destroyed.Yes it could have happened during the      billion years of existing .How did they know that a day was only     hours long  .yeah thats When earth was first formed.Wow Earth will be virtually helium free.By the end of this century  I wonder why  .the united nations  thinks that aliens will visit us.Yes they appointed  a official ambassador.I love you tube  Youtube is the second largest search engine on the net .Google bought the Good investment site in November      for US      billion. I have never seen Justin bieber s  baby  .No one liked it lol.Netflix and youtube eats up all the internet traffic in north america.And most of it is in my house  I love Netflix and YouTube.I would like to check out blutube. Me too  Chad Hurley  Steve Chen  and Jawed Karim are genuineness .You know I really dont like Pandora because of the freemium service platform.Its cool with me  Aloe blacc only received    k in royalties from pandora for     million streams.I do like the comedy.Yes the stand up is funny and has lots of good people.You are excellent  I will listen to pandora now
conversation_885 Hi  Are you into politics  Did you follow the interesting Senate race in Texas this year . I ve heard a litte  O Rourke really gave Cruz a run for his money. Yeah  I think it s because of his charisma  good timing  and viral videos of him defending progressive ideals and policies  Not sure what relentless shoe leather politicking means though .Yea I m sure O Rourke being an electric bassist in the   s helped him seem more relatable.Yeah  He even toured the US and Canada with his punk rock band . Yea  Ted Cruz seems out of touch  especially tweeting a photo of O rourke from when he was in the band. Wonder if that was a tactic he used to bash each other  It s too bad that despite his progressive views  young people vote at significantly lower rates that older voters and in Texas that could be a bad thing for O Rourke. Yea  apparently baby boomers don t like rock music or long hair. Maybe they like beards  because every US president with a beard has been a republican . Yea and since      every republican ticket has had a Bush or it too  or a Nixon. Oh wow  that is true  Maybe the next election would break the record that there hasn t been a US president who wasn t a Republican or Democrat since     s. Yea  the US needs more colors than just red and blue. Or different animals  do you know what other parties representative colors and animals are .I know Democrats are an ass and the Republican are elephants for some reason  Apparently Harry Truman didn t want to be photographed riding dumbo because he was an elephant. I would vote for him  he s loyal to his party  Are presidents a form of celebrity because if they are  they get to visit Pixar studios which has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities . I would suppose so  celebrity or not I think the president can visit Pixar s secret room. Yeah  does that mean secret service agents can go in as well  . I suppose  I wonder if Judge Judy has a secret room  she can afford one making         an episode. I can t believe she s the highest paid celebrity after Lebron James  I remember reading somewhere that the main character on the show House made the most. Yea  I wonder if she s a republican or a democrat that supports social programs  labor unions  and universal healthcare. Seeing that she deals with certain issues  she may be a Democrat but not sure  I sure am learning more about history or politics than I ever did in school . Yea plus I learned Fox news threatened to sue the simpsons  how ironic.Oh really  How come .For parodying fox news anti democratic agenda  Well it was nice talking with you
conversation_886 Have you heard about some politicians who actually get along    .I don t hear about it often  How about you .There were two in Maryland named Baker and Legett who worked for years together and left as great friends.I read a little on that too  It sounds like they started out as professor and student  did you read the same .Is that what happened  I wasn t quite sure .Yeah I guess Baker was a law student at Howard and Leggett was the dean who pushed him to finish school  Cool story  I don t feel like I don t hear happy political stories often enough haha.That s the truth  It sounds like toward the end they both had a lot of personal things that pushed them to leave .Did they  I didn t read that part  Does it sound like they were still on good terms when they left  I couldn t tell . They were  but aparently one of the spouses had alzheimer s and the other lost his father in that last year . Oh wow  That s rough  On a happier note  I was reading some interesting trivia type facts on elections  Did you know since       the taller presidential candidate has won the election     of the time .Thats cool  Interestingly less than     of people have turned out for elections in the last     years. That s crazy  I know not everyone votes  but thats a pretty low number  Did you know officials in ancient Athens were chosen via lottery because they wanted to avoid a potential oligarchy  Apparently they thought thats what voting would lead to.Lottery  I guess then there is a chance everyone could be in charge  In nevada you can vote for none of the above .I read that too  I wonder what would happen if everyone selected that  I guess its only one state in a presidential election so maybe it wouldn t be noticeable .I may move there and try it out next time  Hopefully they don t block poll observers like was done in     .Yeah that option might have come in handy for the last election  I wonder if they give the same option for smaller local elections .My favorite album was written and released by Pink Floyd in      but still a best seller in     .Yeah  I love Dark Side of the Moon  Not surprising its still relevant  Did you know Straight Outta Compton was the first album to go platinum without touring or airplay .I didn t  that is awesome . Speaking of rap  apparently there were two     year old twins who released a rap album together in        probably didn t go platinum but kind of a funny fact .Have a great afternoon
conversation_887 Hi there   Looking forward to chat with You     . Hello  looking forward to it as well .By any chance You re Linking Park s fan  .I do like Linkin Park may favorite CD was hybrid theory  what about you . I like a song or two   yeah     hybrid theory  is the best selling album of the   st century   pretty amazing  Do You have a favorite song  .My favorite on that album is In the End .YES    mine too  That vocal was amazing       was    such a shame   .It is really too bad  What other music do you like . Mostly classic rock  blues  Some metal or Celtic folk   how about You  . I have a pretty diverse taste in music  Rap  R   B  Classic Rock  pop ect  I was really into rap as kid did you know the Nwa s straight outta compton was the first album to reach platinum status without the suppor airplay . Naah man  I didn t know that    I never liked rap   no offense  I didn t find it    well   musical enough   .TO each their own  I got into it because I liked Tupac and his lyrics and poems  There where two identical twins from Japan that made an album at the age of     . I will never understand that      the  Tupac  thing          years and they made an album   music album   Do You know what kind of music  .It was a rap album .of course it was       lol.Lol  Foreign rap is not my cup of tea but good for them  Did you know that Darkside of the moon is still one of the best selling albums even being    years old .Thank God we re talking about music finally    Well I m not surprised it s a great album and after all those years I still can t get enough of it   I just bought a vinyl like   weeks ago    do You like Pink Floyd  .I do I am pretty eclectic  What is your favorite song . from that album   I think  Breathe  and  Time   I do love The Division Bell and  High Hopes  on that album  Plus entire  The Wall     what s Yours  .From darkside of the moon I would agree with breathe and over all Pink Floyd song Idk there are so many to pick just one. You are absolutely right my friend    I hope Roger Waters will do another tour in US  I want to see him again   .That would be awesome  What other music do you like . I love Joe Bonamassa  Nirvana  Dire Straits  Metallica   recently I ve discovered Black Country Communion and Kingdom Come    and if You like something really peaceful I recommend Loreena McKennit   . I think it is interesting how people can vary so much  Even with my kids  My oldest likes rap and pop  my youngest likes pop and my   year old likes rock and classic rock  . oh good for them    my daughter when she was like    she was always falling asleep to Metallica    it was her lullaby   . Nice  he is like rock radar  He always finds good music on the radio  The other two just want to listen to uptown funk on repeat. that s ok  what s most important is that they like music   taste will probably change once or twice in their lives   .Agreed   . Hey it was great chatting with You today  thank You   .You too 
conversation_888 hi how are you  Do you listen to albums these days . Hi  I m good  Yes I listen to albums  Are you familiar with the Moody Blues . Yes  i am  wow  that is going back a ways  what album .I go back a ways  The Dark Side of The Moon was one of the best selling albums of      . Yes  it was a great album and continues to get new fans every year  Have you tried the dark side of oz  since you go back a ways . No  what is that . Watch the Wizard of Oz  at a certain point in the film  turn on Dark side as the soundtrack . Okay I ll give that a try  Given how quickly we have gone from records  to tapes  to Cd s  how long do you think is will be before Cd s are obsolete .No need for physical media soon  i figure people will not want to own stuff that takes up space .Exactly  But there are still people who think that    s have a better sound  I m not one of them  What do you think .I do not see the value in old recordings on old media  they are warmer because of the high end roll off but i figure you can emulate that with software .I think so too  Are you old enough to remember   track tapes .I do remember the   trax  i never owned one  i guess they sounded better  seems to be expensive but not that much better .No they didn t sound better  But at the time it was the first media that you could play in a car  We thought they were great  But they really sucked . Yeah  people like convenience more than quality  i think  the walkman was convenient but the sound was limited . Yeah  I think they just didn t have enough power to generate good sound  But I think the ultimate is still the reel to reel if you don t mind the space they take up . Wow  that is an expensive setup  I would rather have something convenient  i like sound  and appreciate good sound  but i dont have the money for the high end  LOL.I don t either  But I think recording studios still make the initial recordings on these devices . I thought things would be digital now for convenience  Anyway  great chat .Yes  Thanks for the chat and have a good evening .Have a good night .Thanks 
conversation_889 Do you have a favorite celebrity . Do Youtube personalities that are famous count as a celebrity  If they do  I really like a dude named Michael Jones . That is fine me with  I think celebrity is anyone famous to many people  What does Michael Jones do . He works for a company called Roosterteeth  and to be fair they have made   movies which he was the main character of both .interesting I will have to check it out  I wonder how much he makes for those  Judge Judy makes like        per episode. Speaking of Judge Judy  did you know her bailiff Petri Hawkins Byrd makes a million per year from that show  pretty crazy since he doesn t really do anything haha . WHAT  i would love to do that and get paid that much to stand around and be in front of the camera  lol .Yeah that is pretty crazy money for doing literally nothing lol  Did you know that robin Williams started the trend of celebrities doing voice overs for animation with his role in Aladdin . I did not know that  I still don t get why celebrities need to be in animated films because of their voice  but it was awesome though . For me it really depends on the voice  Robin Williams was almost made for animated voice acting just because of his range in doing different voices . Yea lol  he was amazing  sad he is with us no longer  I wonder if he got to visit Pixar s secret room for celebrities. I am sure he did  as much animation work as he was doing  Did you know Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street . Wow  I never knew that  I was just watching that with my daughter  it is all celebrities now .Did you there has not been a US president that was not a republican or democrat since       that just shows how strongly people believe in the two party system . wow  I wonder who that president was  do you know  . It was Millard Fillmore  he was part of a party called  the Whig Party  . lol  they need to bring the Whig Party back  I am all for that  lol  . Yeah the two party system in my opinion is not working all that well anymore  every time a president is up for election it just turns into a slug fest and who can find the worst stuff out about the other and air it out in front of the world . Right  I am interested to see how the debates go this time  Trump can t just bully them this time  It was so nice chatting with you .I am hoping he does not get away with his shenanigans again this coming year as well  It has been a nice chat .Have a great weekend 
conversation_890 Do you know anything about.About what . Sorry  Beto O Rourke     I ve been reading about him .Is he a republican . No  I believe he was running as a Democrat .So what have you been reading about him .I read an article about why he supports National Football League players .What is the reason .I would guess that he appreciates anyone expressing political opinions .The NFL players were protesting police brutality right . I believe so  but the specifics do not matter so much      Beto O Rourke appeals to young people .How so . Well  younger people tend to vote away from what they perceive as the  get off my lawn  candidate .Is it because younger people can t stand the gop .I do not know     It is ironic that the GOP started as the party of classic liberalism .What do you think about the republican party as a whole .I find it interesting that every president with a Beard has been a republican . What a coincidence  Another coincidence may be that since wwii  the us economy consistently performs under democratic presidents. Perhaps the country could elect someone from a third party  breaking the nearly     year string . I believe Roosevelt came incredibly close as a  rd party  but stopped just short. I wonder if Roosevelt could have gotten into the celebrity room at Pixar  had the studio existed . Perhaps  afterall  if I was Pixar  it would be an honor to have roosevelt visit  In any case  thank you for the enjoyable chat 
conversation_891  Hello  do you like music albums .I do  Did you know that Bob Marley has been on the album chart for over     weeks .Wow I did not know that  Linkin Park s Hybrid Theory album is the best selling album of the   st century .Now that is hard to believe  If you re looking for a non censored album at Walmart you won t find it  They only sell clean versions of albums and if an artist refuses to make a clean version they will not sell it .That s interesting  Reel Big Fish re recorded all of their albums after losing rights to their old record label .Funny that they could get away with it  Good for them .I agree  Two identical twins in Japan released a rap album when they turned     years old . Oh  I can t imagine what that sounds like  I find it funny that Led Zeppelin decided not to title their fourth album  to confuse the hated rack press  .I think that s funny as well  Do you know much about elections . I do  I love the election season  I m not sure of the year  but a cat named Hank placed third in the VA senate election  I would have liked to see the reaction to that .Me too  That would be very cool to see .I agree and I m sure it was a good laugh  Did you know that all elections in Oregon are conducted by mail  I like going to the polls .I did not know that  I love going to the polls as well .I m surprised that  the      US election was the first US election since      in which neither major party ticket had a veteran on it  Kinda sad if you ask me .Very sad  Officials in ancient Athens were appointed by lottery .Now that method sounds pretty scary  That s a big gamble  Psephology is the study of results and other statistics relating to elections  I d like to see the study on the lottery for elections . I think so too  Since       the taller candidate for the president usually wins by about     of the time . Wow  That s a big advantage  A win based on no qualifications  just a physical measure  It compares to the fact that the fastest blinker in the Presidential debates has lost every election since      .I agree  Do you know much about governors .I know some  I know the Governor of Oklahoma has an Oklahoma shaped pool  Having spent a lot of time in OK I love that . That s pretty awesome he had a pool in the shape of the state  Well  it was great chatting with you today 
conversation_892 Hi there what do you think about the Republican party  It s definitely had a long history. It certainly has  although I would say I align myself more politically a little blue . ya I agree  but what is interesting to me is that we have had a democrat or a republican always elected to president since     .I wonder if the two party system has always been that strong that a candidate from another party cant break through   Like     of tea party supporters aligned themselves as democrats.That is interesting  Another interesting fact is that every president with a beard has been a republican  I wonder why that is. I dont know  I wonder how many that is  I know lincoln for sure  . Yep you re right  I know you said that you lean blue  I guess that red and blue has only been consistently associated with Republicans and Democrats since about the year       I always thought it was a lot earlier than that. I did too  I wonder when the Donkey and Elephant came into play  if those are more recent too or if they have a history as well . That s a good question  Also I heard that Harry Truman would not get his picture taken with Dumbo because he was a Democrat and obviously Dumbo is an elephant  that seems pretty dumb  would a republican not get his picture taken with Eeyore . Im not sure  it might be something the Simpsons would parody  and subsequently anger Fox news   . What s interesting to me is that Ronald Reagan campaigned for the Democrats back in the day  he actually did not like corporate profits and low wages and was railing against them. Wow   I think the lines of political parties are becoming more and more defined  and more people tend to go to extremes more now than in the past . I agree  do you like any current celebrities  I know that Judy makes a ton of money and shes pretty famous.I do like some of the current celebrities   I like Judge Judy s attitude and sarcasm   I think its crazy that she is just under LeBron for highest paid celeb . Yep you re right  He makes about          per episode  that s insane  do you like Robin Williams  I m pretty sad that he s gone. I agree  I loved his work   He was such a pioneer in the field   He really started the trend of actors voicing animated characters   It is a shame that someone who lit up the world of others was struggling so much . Yep I agree with you  I wonder if he ever got to visit the Pixar secret room  They have a secret room just for celebrities  I hope he was able to. I wonder what their qualifications for celebrity are  like if the person has to be current  or from the US   . Yep that s a good question  for instance  there s a celebrity chef in Ethiopia  Would he be allowed to enter haha. From what I hear he is doing work towards fighting hunger in his country   That would qualify him in my book  although I dont even know his name . I agree with you there  he s trying to help his countrymen to eat foods that are more diverse so that they can combat the hunger  but again I don t know if he s gotten access to that room  maybe we should start a fundraiser for that haha.Now I kinda want to become famous so I can go see that room   Maybe its just a plain room with some couches and beverages that they play us so the rest of us wonder . Haha yep or maybe it s just an empty room lol  have you ever seen the show Sesame Street  I guess the first celebrity ever appear on there was Carol Burnett
conversation_893 Hello   how are you today . Im great  did you watch the Black Panther movie .I did not  Was it any good . It was pretty good  you should watch it sometime  Chadwick Boseman plays the role of Black Panther.I ll have to check it out  Do you like soundtracks . I do  some movies have great sound tracks  do you .I do as well  Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in the Jaws soundtrack . Oh so that was Spielberg  nice I didnt know he was a musician as well.I didn t know that either  O Brother Where Art Though is certified   times platinum . I didnt know that either  what movie is that the soundtrack off  do you know .It s called O Brother Where Art Though  It s a pretty good movie with George Clooney . Oh I see  did you watch the movie Tron Legacy  it also has a great soundtrack.I did not  Was it a good movie . It was a great movie  futuristic  theres a sequel thats also great .That s good  Did you know two identical twins from Japan released a rap album when they turned     years old . I didnt  that must be a cool album wonder if theres a video  I have to watch that.You should be able to find the video online . Im going to search it in Youtube thats a sure thing  do you like Linkin Park .I love Linkin Park  What about you . I love the band as well  their album the Hybrid Theory is the best selling album of the   st century.It was great talking to you 
conversation_894 Have you watched the movie Black Panther . No  I haven t seen it  Have you seen it  Is it a good film . I liked it a lot  I thought it had a great soundtrack as well  Most Marvel universe movies are pretty good.K.You know there was a time when Marvel offered the rights to their characters to Sony but they only bought the rights for Spiderman. Sony just didn t recognize the value of so many of the characters  The Marvel Universe is huge  It s interesting that Marvel trademarked the names  super hero  and  super villain  . It is interesting  you know that there is also a shared hero between the DC and Marvel universes . Many people have strong preferences about the two universes  but I don t  Usually I m not big on superhero films  though I understand the attraction for comic book fans  . Im more of a Marvel fan myself  the brand saved a lot of money by alleging that mutants werent humans  I bet that idea made them millions . Speaking of aliens  Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel at one point so that he could produce a movie of himself as Spiderman . That would be a horror movie indeed  it would ruin the childhood of many kids lol its a good thing Marvel wasnt sold to him . There have been many Spidermans  but Michael Jackson really would not be right for the role  Maybe he could have played Blue Ear  the character created for the   year old boy uncomfortable with wearing hearing aids . I think thats really admirable  creating a superhero for a kid with dissabilities  I wonder what new projects Disney has with Marvel. Probably a ton of sequels  maybe a new character  Black Panther could have a dozen sequels before Disney quits  Kendrick Lamar has job security . Yeah  Black Panther was a really popular movie and I wouldnt be suprised if more sequels were to come out  so chaging the subject a bit  what kind of music do you like  heard any good albums lately .I don t really listen to new music much  The industry has changed and so have tasts  I think bands have a tricky relationship with the rock press  Zeppelin did not give a name to their fourth album in order to confuse the press . I bet that confused a lot of people lol  my favorite band is Linking Park and one of their albums is considered the best selling album of the century.I know that Linkin Park did a lot of touring  Very popular live band  They might have made more money from touring than album sales  I know that Aerosmith made more money from the game Guitar Hero than from album sales .That is surprising  I wonder if the game paid extremely well or the band sign really bad deals for their albums .They probably got a good royalty from the games company  Musicians probably get better money from games  Michael Jackson contributed to the soundtrack for Sonic   . I wonder what his contribution was  Spielberg also contributed in the soundtrack of Jaws  he played the clarinet  
conversation_895  Hi  how are you . Hello  I am doing well thank you  How about you .I am well  Do you like music . Yes I do like music  I like most kinds of music  What about you .I like rock and jazz  I also like classical when I need to work  Did you know Steven Spielberg played the clarinet on Jaws . Cool  How interesting  no I did not know that  Speaking of soundtracks  did you know that Phil Collins recorded the Tarzan soundtrack in   different languages .Huh    Or the sound track of o brother where art thou was certified platinum   times over . Wow  I don t think that I have seen that movie in entirety  Another weird fact  Daft Punk negotiated the Tron Legacy sound track during a pancake breakfast while wearing their robot helmets .Seems like a logical thing to do  Like naming each track on batman begins as a genus of a bat . Ha  interesting  What is your preferred format for music these days . I like digital  spotify  You . Same  here I don t recall the last time I bought a CD  I used to make mixes for the car pre MP  jacks .Mix tapes     HA  Did you ever have the huge thing of CDs  LIke a case of     and you actually only listened to like   . Ha  i meant burned CD s  I think I had the adapter for CD s in my first car  Yes  like a   plus inch thick case full of CD s that weighed like    pounds .HA  Now we have an unlimited library on our spotify or pandora account  I remember doing some serious work on my CDs to make sure I had the right mix . I know right  Yes  before a trip I d burn a new CD with all the best songs  What is your favorite CD .I was an early fan of Dave Matthews so I wore out Under the table and dreaming . I never really got into Dave Matthews  I liked the classics growing up I like Pink Floyd  probably Dark side of the Moon .Nice  I love Floyd  I went on a binge yesterday and listened to division bell for about   hours . Nice  even after    plus years Dark side of the moon is one of the best selling albums .I love it  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_896 Do you like to read . I would love to be able to read  Unfortunately  I am illiterate  I cannot read a word  What about you  Do you like to read . But if you are illiterate how can you read what Im writting now  just wondering lol  and yeah I do like to read  I dont always have the time though.I guess I m a good guesser  I don t know  I were always called slow when I were young  I look to go to the library and look at the books . That seems a bit messed up well I like reading and wasnt great at it always so with enough hard work anyone can do it. I m giving it my all  but I just can keep up with how fast I type  I put the words on the screen  but I type too fast to read them all  If I went to prison  I would read all the time .I guess theres not much to do in prison so reading might be one of the few things that can keep you entertained.I should say so  I couldn t just sit watching others read  I d have to read myself  Did you hear about the guy that studied law in prison  That s an incentive to learn . I didnt  can you tell me more about him  .He was falsely imprisoned  He knew he has to do something  He studied law and found a way to get exonerated  He now helps others get out of prison  A hero  The man is a hero . I agree  he is a hero and that must have taken a lot of guts and determination  studying so hard that you can eventually set yourself free . I think it s inspirational  Reading can set you free  I don t believe that there are more libraries than McD s  That s not possible  Obesity is epidemic  but reading is not . Thats amazing  more libraries thatn McDonalds     I guess there is no excuse for not picking a book up  .What if I m eating at the moment at McD s  I wouldn t want to get my books greasy . Yeah probably not a good combianation  McDonalds and books  Norway supports writters they have a law thats really beneficial to them. That s an incentive to keep writing  Usually it s hard to be a writer  especially if you re illiterate like me  But maybe I ll move to Norway .Yeah if you become a writter the government will buy      from you and if its a childrens book they will buy     . I wonder how much money I would get from that  Is it enough to live on  How many books would I have to write every year  Do they have to be good  I have questions  and I cannot speak Norwegian or even read . I dont know  I guess      books at a right price can be enough for a few months or even years and then you can write another one and so on so it seems like a good business model.But it s cold in Norway  Maybe I could go to concerts  Do you go to concerts . I do like attending concerts  I love music in general theres an amphitheatre in Croatia I would like to visit some time
conversation_897 Did you watch the movie Black Panther . Yes I saw  it was an OK movie  I don t remember the soundtrack even if there are famous artists on it   . I thought the soundtrack was pretty good  Kendrick Lamar is a good artists and the video of the song All the Stars is good production as well . I don t follow him  so maybe that why it did not touch me as much  do you think the movie would have been as good if Kendrick Lamar was not involved  . Yeah I think the movie had a great cast  great director and follows a series of successful movies so yeah. Soundtrack came a long way  it was not as important in the   s  Steven Spielberg played the clarinet on the Jaws soundtrack  I pretty sure he is not the best clarinet player  . I like the band Daft Punk  they were the authors of the sountrack of the movie Tron  did you watch that one . I have watched the   s version  it did not featured Daft Punk  but I have heard the soundtrack of the remake  it was good  Did you like it  . I did like it  I thought it had a nice rhythm to it  I also liked the soundtrack of the movie Batman Begins . I have heard that each track was a  name of a bat family  but I still did not saw the movie  only the the   s original  it had also a great soundtrack  . You should definetely watch the movie  its one of my favorites although Marvel Comics heros are pretty awesome as well . I saw a few films from the Marvel universe  what is your favorite Marvel movie  . I loved the Avengers movie but also like Iron Man  he is one of my favorite heroes  what about you . I really liked Thor   Ragnarock  it was funny  I don t like it when that take themselves to seriously  but sometimes it works like in Logan  .I thought it was a great movie as well and thats what I like about Marvel they mix comedy with action and great heroes . And to think that Sony could have bought the rights to all heroes in    for     million  they probably are still regretting that decision   . I bet they are as each hero is worth a lot more now  I guess they didnt have faith on the franchise . Yeah it was a risk  now that is not a risk anymore they are worth a lot and that why Disney paid a lot more than     million  . I think that was the right call  Disney doesnt have the complete rights though  they cant show big charaters in theme parks as Universal has the rights for those. It is strange in California  it is OK  but not in Florida  But competition is always good  It will make better rides for the public  . I agree  although Universal Studios is falling behind  you know Marvel argued that mutants werent humans in court and received a great benefit from that . Most of the money went to the lawyers  I guess the next superhero franchise will be Objection Man.It wont be long that is for sure lol
conversation_898 do you like comic books .I do   Do you know how Stan Lee ended his calls.Yes he ended them with the word exelsior.Yeah pretty cool DO you know which universes does Marvel take place in .Yes that is earth        .Yes  Do you know how Marvel coined the terms superhero and supervillain.yes they just published a generic comic book with those names.Yes  Do you know what DC stands for . Yes it stands for Detective Comics  it is very redundant.Yes  Do you know where is the biggest library of comic books .Yes that is at Michigan State University and I believe it is the biggest in the world. Yes I was there  they have an amazing collection.Nice  DO you know much about earth .I know that we have sadly destroyed more than     of the forests. Yes it is so sad  In the beginning the day was only     hours long.Yeah pretty short  Do you believe in extraterrestrials .I do and it is nice that we have an ambassador now in case they show up.Yes I know  Earth will likely be helium free by the end of the century.Yes no more fun balloons and funny voices.Hahaa I know  SO nice chatting with you.Same here
conversation_899 Hello . Hi  how are you doing tonight .I am great  Thanks    So do you like reading and going to the library  Half of Americans have library cards  I still go sometimes . I don t go to the library much  I usually do research online  Still  there are more libraries than Mcdonald s in the US . Yes  not a lot of people still go to the library much anymore  but I like to because they have actual books and I love books  In Sacramento you can go to one and check out sewing machines among other items  lol that is great. Yeah  other places have a similar setup  In Berkeley they have a tool library  Some folks can t afford tools  so they can borrow  Oh my GOD  socialism  Some folks need temporary help  and I don t mind if some of my tax dollars go to something like that . I agree  I don t mind my tax dollars going towards helping people  I would like to write and publish a book  in Norway the government will buy     copies and send them to libraries throughout the country . The Norway gov t has a ton of money from oil  I guess I would move there and become a children s author if it weren t for the cold and snow  Still  the women are inspirational . Very true  it s a great idea and very valued there I am sure  . I like that a man falsely imprisoned  spent most of his time at the library to study law and prove his innocence  Books  man  they are SO powerful  Makes me wish I could read  But I m illiterate . I read about that  he was very smart to do what he did   self taught  wow and in law that must have been tough  But yes libraries are amazing  the books in print in your hand has great meaning for me  I like to collect books  You are illiterate .I can t read even one word  It s a miracle that I can type the words that I do  How are about you  Are you literate  Did you learn to read at the library .I learne. It s a noble pursuit  Learn to read  and you can teach yourself  Maybe you could even run for Congress one day . Sorry that last text sent on accident lol   I learned to read in school  But did go the library a lot too  I am sure a lot of people teach themselves a lot through books on their own  Run for Congress  No way lol  I wouldn t do well in Congress and politics .You couldn t do worse than the people in there  Plus you could ride on the exclusive subway lines that they have for Congress .You are right on that  I wonder if their subway plays any music at all  Have been to any concerts lately . Naw  concerts cost money and I m broke  baby  I m broke . That s too bad  me too  I have been to concerts throughout my life though  Seen a lot of my favorite bands  .Have you seen Linkin Park  I heard really good things about their concerts . I wish  One of the few bands I didn t get to see live  and now Chester Bennington has passed so I probably won t see the band without him  They played     concerts one year  that s a lot of shows . Ah  the energy of youth  Maybe they didn t sleep  I don t know how they did that . Well  the Ramones played       concerts over a    year span  non stop  I think they just make it their life  It has been great chatting  Have a great evening  .The Ramones are fueled by drugs and passion  I could never manage to sustain that kind of energy  They are not human . You have a point there  I know I couldn t do it  
conversation_900  Hello  how are you .hello  I m good  How are you  Do you like comics . Yeah  to some degree  I don t read many though .I don t read many either but I do like Marvel   Have you ever heard of Lady Killer . Honestly  no I haven t  I ve read more on the DC side of things.Really   I heard recently that back in      DC paid      dollars for the exclusive rights to superman . Yeah  they ve got their money s worth  that s for sure  .They definitely did   I guess comics really got popular in the     s . I would say a bit later  but they do call it the golden age for a reason  .I guess they do at that   Did you know that Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel so he could play spiderman in a movie . I ve heard rumors of it  but never if it was true or not  I do feel bad for him  he never really was a child .I know   With his popularity back then Marvel should have financed a movie with him in it  It probably would have been a blockbuster . It would have been interesting  to say the least  I can see why they didn t want to risk Spiderman though  make him into a joke .I suppose   Are you interested in outerspace . Yeah  I love space and science stuff  Big nerd    .What do you think about Jupiter saving us from asteroids . I don t see a reason why it wouldn t be at least partly true  It s a big gravity well  protects us  As does the moon. I can see how it would stop some asteroids   You know  on the subject of gravity  the hudson bay region in canada has less gravity than anywhere else on the planet . Interesting  I wonder if its due to the density of rock below the bay or if there s something else going on.I don t know  Would rock density make a difference in some way . Yeah  a great deal  Mass and gravity are intertwined  .I see   That s interesting to think about 
conversation_901  Hi  do you go to the library often .Funny i m in one right now  lol .HA  So I am guessing yes    Are you there just for this .Yes and a few other things but this mainly  Libraries are awesome .I agree  There s a library that offers sewing machine check out . Wow that sounds pretty cool  better not drop it or you bought it though  .HA  THere s also a library that loans out tools  Thats neat too .Yeah i think that s a great ideal  Did you know the library of Alexandria has a copy of the internet . Good  I really want them to keep a copy of this chat  I feel like great things are ahead . Awe  lol  Hey if you publish a book in Norway the government will buy      copies      if it s a children s book .We should publish this as a book and get some money from Norway  See the chat is getting monetary now .That s what s up   Why is Elmo testifying before the us congress  I know it sounds like the beginning of a joke but seriously .Because Big Bird couldn t get throught the metal detector  She had bird flu .Stop it   Have you ever heard of Fantasy congress before  Apparently it s just like fantasy football .I have not but I think that would be a good way to introduce civics in HS  everyone knows fantasy now a days .Right   There has been a Dem vs   rep baseball game since      and the Rep are winning by   .Do they let women play on the teams  The first one was in congress in      and couldn t even vote .That sounds like a slap in the face to me  Just her an Elmo hanging out with the gavel . If it was post nixon  you mean gavelS    . Right Tricky Dicks got a temper  always breaking stuff  Man Linkin Park played     concerts in      .That s a lot of shows  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_902 The soundtrack of a movie is a really big deal . Yea  on the Jaws soundtrack Spielberg played the clarinet.So his not only the director of the movie but was also one of the musicians  thats awesome. Did you ever listen to the O Brother  Where art thou  soundtrack  it is certified   times platinum . No not really Im not familired with that soundtrack I am with the one of the movie Tron Legacy  .Wasn t Daft Punk involved with the Tron Legacy soundtrack . Yeah they netgotiated the terms of the soundtrack over pancakes  they even wore their robot helmets  hell of a breakfast. Interesting  I never knew Phil Collins worked on the Tarzan soundtrack  wasn t much of a good movie. I heard he recorded the sountack in   different languages  talented guy. The batman begins soundtrack was pretty good  I never knew the track titles were names of bat genuses. I loved that soundtrack  really inspiring actually  Batman Begins is one of my favorite movies.Yea the Batman and Marvel movies are really good  It s crazy Sony rejected Marvel s offer to buy all it s characters for     million. Sony must be regretting that decision each hero is worh like    times that amount know  that was a great bargain. Yea  I bet Sony is kicking itself for only pay    million for Spiderman back in     .Did you like the Sony Spiderman movies .I liked the first two with Tobey McGuire. I liked them as well but I have to say im digging the new version more  Im exited to watch the Spiderman movie after Infinity War. Yea I hope it s good  maybe the hero owned by both Marvel and DC   called Access will make a cameo. There is also a hero called Blue Ear  have you heard of him .Isn t Blue Ear the hero with hearing aids . Yeah the same one  Marvel created the character to help a kid that didnt want to wear them  
conversation_903 Hello  Have you been to a library recently . I have not  but I do walk by one everyday   What about you . With my daughter once in a while  though she goes to her school library more now  I understand Norway will buy      copies of a published book and distribute to libraries .That is awesome   A new state of the art library was just built in my neighborhood .Nice  What s state of the art about it . It has a bunch of new technology in it  drones  coding equipment  etc . Really  That s cool  I see sacramento CA also offers industrial items like sewing machines and other things like that  besides books .cool   They also have concerts there as well .Very cool  Cultural experience at a library .Yes   Do you like concerts . Sure  I have been to just a few  namely Foo Fighters  Snow Patrol  and Mumford and Sons  You . I like concerts as well  been to more pop groups   I also like going to summer concert series  kind of like a town hall meet up with a band in the summer. Sure  and better outside sometimes too  I forgot that I went to a festival near where I live for an outdoor flyleaf concert too .Yes   Do you like politics .Sure  Do you get involved . I live in Washington DC  I hear about it all the time   I follow it  but don t do rallies or anything . Ah  I see that Elmo is the only non human to testify before Congress    and probably did well.You ve got a point there . Hah   I vote for midterms and national elections  but not much further involvement .That is about my involvement as well .Good talking to you 
conversation_904 hey there do you have Netflix by chance . Hello   how are you  I do have Netflix  what about you . I m good  and ya I like Netflix I like Stranger things a lot  can t believe they started way back in     .I love Netflix too.ya its crazy that it takes up about     of all internet traffic.That is crazy  Did you know Netflix spends    times more on postage than bandwidth . no that is wild  I see why they want to switch to all digital  also crazy that netflix and youtube together make up half of all internet traffic  I watch youtube all the time.That is also crazy  I didn t realize Reed Hastings was inspired to startup Netflix after racking up     in late fees on Apollo    . haha ya that is a wild thing  good movie though  sad that blockbuster didn t buy them when they had the chance.I agree  Crazy that Netflix is now worth    billion . yup  they were offered to blockbuster for    million  thats quite a lot of value appreciation .That is a very big jump in appreciation  Did you know that people fantasy draft the national spelling bee lol . oh I did  they also do fantasy congress  people seem to do fantasy everything these days haha.lol that s hilarious  I only do fantasy football  What about you . ya I only do fantasy football as well  ahve you read any books by Terry Pratchett btw  he writes fantasy novels.I have not read any books by him  Wonder if they are any good . ya I don t know  I just know he was knighted for  services to literature  so hopefully they are really good.Interesting  Did you know a single fold in the brain makes the difference between reality and fantasy . I didn t  would you ever check out that fantasy novel from that janitor in chicago  I guess it was like   k pages haha.haha I think I would have to pass on that  Way too long for me . yup  it could be amazing but it could also be that long and horrible haha.It was good talking to you 
conversation_905 Hi do you watch netflix .I sure do  It is the most popular one right now it seems.Yeah considering in the morning     of the bandwidth is taken up by them in NA.Yeah pretty crazy  Do you know who invented it .A guy who got tired of paying late fees on VHSs and decided to start something new.Yeah Did you ever use Blckbuster .I sued to before  Too bad they passed on buying netflix when they could. Exactly  could have spent     million and make billions now. Not a very smart business decisoon  bet they are kicking themselves about it.Yup  WIth youtube they make half of the peak internet usage in NA.That is crazy  And they spend    times more on postage still than on the bandwidth. One wonders  what are they shipping now that all is digital .Exactly  Do you like the Lego company . Yeah they are pretty cool  Their bricks are really consistent it seems   only    out of   million are defective.that makes for great quality and in turn for awesome business.pretty much  If all lego bricks available were shared among people everyone would get   .Nice  A german artist once painted a bridge to make it look like it was made of lego.Neat  If workers word at their company for    years they would get a    karat gold lego. yeah and it was worth a lot         . That us a sweet bonus  but then again t is also dedication.Yeah agree with you there 
conversation_906  Hello   do u watch Netflix . Hi  yes I do watch Netflix  Do you . Yes   love netflix   Watching anything good . I liked the Marvel shows  like luke cage  but they canceled those  You . I have been watching the Marvel movies recently   theres a lot on Netfllix right now   I never watched luke cage though   any good   I watched jessica jones   but didnt really like it too much   I am currently watching the flash and catching up on the walking dead  .It was pretty good  They recently canceled those shows so I have lost all motivation to watch them  I do watch the flash though  I really like it  Do you also watch the arrow . i watched like   seasons of the arrow   but I dont like it much   hes too dark   he can never be happy   I only kept watching is cuz felicity smoak is awesome .Yeah I like her  Last season got of the rails a little and I completely understand your dark comment  It can get really dark  I find it entertaining though  What else do you watch . I watch a lot of comedy stuff   How i met your mother   friends   the good place   the santa clarita diet  stuff like that   easy stuff   I do like a lot of drama though   like westworld   the handmaids tale etc  .Nice  How I met your mother was underrated  I really like westworld but I can get confused watching it  I watch a lot of live sports too . Oh ok thats cool   Yes   westworld is confusing     I really like some of the netflix originals too   like black mirror and maniac   have you watched those .I tried watching black mirror but it was a little too weird for me  Never saw maniac  What s it about .Maniac is confusing too lol I am not sure right now cuz I havent finished it   Black mirror is really creepy but I find it entertaining because it has all to do with the bad places technology can take us   Its trippy .That stuff is pretty scary  Kinda makes me want to shut down my digital life and write letters again . Yeah seriously   but at the same time the show is enlightening   kinda showing us what we dont want to happen with our future in techonology  .It doesn t help that companies continuously sell or lose our data   . yeah thats definitely upsetting   they want us to always give info for  security  reasons then they get hacked or whatever   . Someone once told me if you did not buy a product  you are the product  I scoffed at them but now it makes so much sense .what do you mean . When you buy a product  you get something in return  If you do not buy something  like facebook  youare the product  They are selling you to others through your data or ads . Oh I get it   wow thats scary lol .Yeah    Nice chatting with you 
conversation_907  Hello   have you watched black panther . i have not seen it yet  but i hear good things about it  you . Yes   it is a great movie   Not really funny like the other marvel movies still good though   Black panther is actually the richest super hero  .will he ever become prsident and be the richest president in history  maybe he should  when was the character created . Why should he do that   he owns a country and hes a super hero  no time to be president lol . well  he should at least test the waters  he has the cash to buy the whole congress . Seems like more stress to me   If you are already rich   why not just enjoy life and vacation   see the world   live stress free   . yes  i guess he could kick back  but the world is in trouble and we need his help  Superheroes have no choice  they must help.True   Are you a fan of the Marvel comics movies .i like marvel  i guess spiderman is my favorite . Nice   I really like Guardians of the Galaxy and Thor   . I havent seen GotG  it is kinda a comedy  right  sort of tongue in cheek . Yeah   really funny and a lot of action   . Hey  kids  get a load of the campy vomit scene  Right  Right  Ha ha  Oh  boy  that is a great exorcism .lol yeah. So  what do we have here  albums and Drake  Albums  Drake  Albums  What is your favorite album .I think my favorite album is Bryce Vine   How about yourself .I have been listening to Bill Evans a lot recently  He was a jazz pianist .Ah interesting   I think thats my favorite instument   The piano . Yes  give him a listen  Waltz for Debby  Start with that album  Anyway  great chat . Its been a good chat   thanks  
conversation_908 hey did you know the richest superhero is black panther .I did not  I found the article on Paul Rand humourous .don t think Ive seen that article what does it say .  On Saturday  Ryan tweeted and then deleted this   A secretary at a public high school in Lancaster  PA  said she was pleasantly surprised her pay went up       a week     she said  that  will more than cover her Costco membership for the year   The responses were not kind    Twitter is the best and worst . lol ya that is not a lot of money  oooof what a disaster haha. I know  Here s a response  If she s    and saved that      until she s     thats         Totally makes up for losing Medicare  Medicaid and Social Security  which is how they are planning to repay the     Trillion they added to the deficit. haha ya politics is a joke  I try not to read the news because i ts too depressing  other thing I can t believe is that linkin park s  hybrid theory  is the best selling record of the   st century  that is also scary to me.Really   I love that album  Like the one with Jay Z too . oh really  ya I just don t like lincoln park  thats just me though I m more into classic rock and    s music.What is your band  I listen to classic rock a lot at the gym . ah I mean I like metallica and guns and roses a lot  but ive heard them so many times I ve been diving into lesser known   s bands recently.Do you consider Metallica and G R classic rock  What   s bands . I do  you could say metallica is more metal but they got to be more rock like in the    s  I like thompson twins hold me now  I ve been listening to that a lot recently.That s interesting    I am    and think of Led Zepplin when I think classic rock  Is this an age thing . ah it might be haha  or maybe i m just wrong  I do love led zepplin though  pink floyd is also amazing. Pink floyd is my favorite band  or should I say the one I consistently listen to and do not get bored with  I can listen to them all the time whereas other bands I turn off after a while   . oh wow interesting  ya I got into them and I think their animals album is super underrated  like you don t heard songs from that album on the radio at all. No  that s one of their sneaky albums  Dark side of the moon is the commercial hit but the others are just as good . yup dark side and the wall are the ones that everyone knows  but they re so overplayed that I got into their other stuff which you re right is just as good if not better.It makes me sad that artists like them wouldn t be successful in today s market .nope people don t like that kind of music unfortunately these days.Nice chatting with you 
conversation_909 Hello  How are you tonight . Hi there  I am well thank you   Are you interested in astronomy .I am  I think the whole universe is such a marvelous thing  how about you . Yeah same here  I think it is all pretty amazing   .I would never want to be on that planet that has shards of glass traveling sideways at      mph . Holy cow  I wonder how they found that and then determined that is what happens there  .I was thinking the same thing  So crazy to believe there are that many planets out there  Even our planet is crazy .Yeah it s crazy to think what is actually out there   Even moons of planets can be pretty crazy . I agree  Did you know if earth s history was view as a    hour period  humans would only take up   minutes and    seconds of it .That makes you think how small we are in the grand scheme of time . And in that time  we ve managed to destroy    percent of the natural forests  So sad . That is super sad  and that s not something that you can just fix very quickly as well  .I m sure we ll always have a problem with trees  I know we are going to be helium free by the end of the   st century so that is sad as well . That is wild to think  I wonder what the balloon companies will do to survive . I wonder that all the town  and clowns haha  I guess I could do without them lol . Lol  did you know that when the earth was first formed the days were only     hours long .Oh really  That is nuts  I don t think I would ever get a good sleep back in the day  I wonder how it got to be    hours and stay like it . Well i don t think it s staying like it  but maybe i m wrong  I think in another couple hundred thousand years the days will be a bit longer  .I think you re onto something  I wonder if I will ever be the UN ambassador to aliens . Lol  I wonder how much that job pays  that sounds like a pretty sweet gig to me  . I think I ll look into it  It was nice chatting with you  have a good night 
conversation_910  Hi  how are you .I m good  Do you remember listening to albums . Like a music CD  I love them  I especially love Linkin Park.I like Linkin Park okay  It s not my favorite  My spouse likes them and Staind . I love Linkin Park  and they sold some really profitable albums too . They must be popular  because I still see them on tour  I can t believe all the  old  bands that are still around and touring  . Unfortunately the singer killed himself a year or two ago  so now it is just Mike Shinoda.I think I remember my spouse saying something about that  I think more needs to be done about suicide awareness . I agree  it is a shame people still think it is people being dramatic. I don t think it is people being dramatic  Maybe there are a few who like to get attention that way  but I think they still have a mental health problem if they repeatedly say they are going to kill themselves  I know it used to be an expression to say   I could just die   . Yeah I agree  it is unfortunate  and Linkin Park helped a lot of people through that too  so it is a shame he had bad issues. Yes  I think that and the death of other famous people  like Robin Williams  A friend s husband committed suicide last year  It has been very hard on her family . I can only imagine  such a sad thing  . Yes  she really struggles coming to terms with the situation  She posts about it a lot on social media  Who can blame her  She probably asks herself why this happened every single day  . It is truly sad  On another note  have you seen Black Panther . No  I haven t seen that movie  I m surprised  because my spouse likes to watch the Marvel movies  I think he was turned off by the last Avengers movie  though . I was as well  it did not impress me at all  Black Panther did very well at the box office  over a billion at least. Wow  I may have to mention it to my spouse and see if he wants to watch it  He will be impressed since I am always wanting to watch  girlie  movies according to him  . Haha  that is the trade off  but Black Panther was very good  the character in the movie is said to be worth     billion dollars.That is a big difference from Tony Stark who is only worth      billion . That is for sure  or even bruce wayne  who is at    billion
conversation_911 Did you hear that a Super Earth may have been discovered . Hi  Yes  I heard  It s mind blowing and extremely excited  I heard its unlike anything in our solar system . Crazy  I wonder if it has aliens  . Hmmm  I don t know  but I wonder too  I feel like there very well be something living there  Researchers say its larger than Earth but smaller than Neptune and far enough from the din  red sun and any water on its surface is locked away by ice    sounds like a Cold Planet   NO THANKS  Id consider Mars    haha.Well apparently it is near Proxima Centauri . AND only   light years away from the sun   fun fact  this new Earth is TWICE as OLD as the sun  mind blown .Wow  Apparently Peter Kamp thought years ago that star could host a planet .They have been studying this since the    s    Why are we hearing about this now   These are exciting news .Interesting  I m not sure  Did you know the planet Venus does not tilt . Interesting fact  I was not aware but I did learn that in      the soviet union successfully sent a spacecraft to venus  which captures first images from the surface of ANOTHER planet  imagine THAT selfie .Hilarious  Well apparently when the earth was formed a day was only     hours long . and we think there isn t enough time in a day now  Wow  I wonder if we already called Earth Gaia at that time  or Tellus or telluris which is one of many Earth s names    um who came up with these names   I am doing some research after this  fascinating .I m not sure  But Earth s interior core remains active with solid iron .Solid Iron eh  well I m glad  and Thank You Jupiter for saving Earth from many asteroids that head our way  Would you ever consider leaving the planet  There is an open space in Mars one apparently . Yeah  apparently the solid iron is surrounded by a liquid outer core that generates Earth s magenetic field  . interesting  I imaginen it changes direction when Earth does  because it happens every                 years   Did you know that if you fit all the planets in between earth an the moon and still have room  left over to spare . No  I didn t know that  Apparently the UN appointed an ambassador to aliens though  pretty wild stuff . I knew it  haha  Im sure they know more than they lead on  I would LOVE to know though  i know most of the time is to avoid panic but wish i was in on the secrets imagine all the cool stuff they must find out about . Yeah  it reminds me of that movie Independence Day  Hilarious . yes  and it talks about it in a really good book its over     years old the book is called  Barron Trump  the marvelous underground adventures  something like that  It talks about our days today   pretty creepy right on  Did you know The term Robotics was accidentally coined by science fiction in      by author issac asimov.Interesting  There s a wiki that ranks fictional characters as well  Nice meeting you 
conversation_912 Have you heard about the Super Earth .Is that evidence of an alien world . I think it is a possibility   It a planet with the same distance and conditiions from its sun but it is frozen .Did you know that the planet Venus does not tilt .I wonder if it is so close to the sun .That could be so .It also rotates counter clock wise .Is that true . Yep  and it has not seasons either   Just hot Im sure lol .Either that or it is really cold .Nah it is super hot as the it is closer to the sun   Earth is the  rd planet from the sun.Earth is also the only astronomical object known to harbor life as well .That we know of   need water for life and Earth has    percent covered . Yes  mostly by oceans .And our polar regions .It s sad to think that more than    percent of the Earth s natural forests have already been destroyed . Yeah  we keep growing   we will need to find another planet to live on one day .No kidding .It will have to have a satellite or moon along with oceans.Most certainly .Interesting talking to you take care . Yes  you too .See you on another planet possibly haha 
conversation_913  Hi  how are you  Do you like music .I love music  I m a professional guitarist  Though I m nowhere close to being Brian May  Did you know he s also a physicist  .He started studying physics then joined a band  Bright guy  Youre a professional guitarist  Thats great .Thanks  What type of music do you like  Any angsty Broadway musical numbers like Eddie Perfect wrote for Beetlejuice .Eddie Perfect  Who is that  I have seen the movie Beetlejuice .He was an Australian composer who ended up writing the music for the Broadway adaptation of the movie  Really interesting story there .I did not know that  I guess he must have done other stuff as well .Oh yeah  He also wrote songs for King Kong the musical  Can you imagine how weird that show must have been ha ha .That sounds strange for a musical   Do you like jazz much .Jazz is my soul  I prefer bebop the most  I never really liked the cool jazz that came out in the   s much  How about you . I like Sonny Rollins and Bill Evans  By the way  Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast  pianist  and scored several films  including Million dollar baby. You re right  he is  Crazy to think of a gruff Clint Eastwood sitting at a piano writing soft melodies ha ha  .Jazz is in the oddest places too  Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts .It s crazy how culture spreads like that  I mean look at comedy  It goes all the way back to ancient Greece .Comedy is fundamental to human existence  Did you know that jazz trumpeters grew goatees as it provided comfort when playing  I thought it was a fashion .I ve heard about that somewhere  It does make them look cool though  But what s cooler is that there s a whole programming language written in music  Crazy .I wonder who uses that language  You know what else is crazy  A Harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday for    years . Yeah  she s awesome  I wonder if she ever went to see Beetlejuice  Apparently Eddie Perfect s music was a  perfect  fit for it  Excuse the bad pun ha ha . I wonder too  Anyway  great chat  cat .You too brother  Keep on rocking in the free world  Peace .Rock it dawg.Set the world ablaze like Eddie Van Halen did to his speakers  Adios 
conversation_914 did you know Van Halen set speakers on fire with his playing  That is so metal.I had never heard that   There are some crazy rockers out there   Queen s guitarist has a phd in astrophysics. that is cool  I think he also uses coins as guitar picks  he s super talented .Yeah those guys are nuts   A member of Pink Floyd uses a houseboat on the Thames as a recording studio. that is cool  do you like PInk Floyd  I like them a lot I still listen to all their music.I do not   I like jazz more   just like Clint Eastwood. ya I never got into Jazz  what are some albums I should listen to  I do like Clint Eastwood though.I like the blues and ragtime styles best the most   anything from New Orleans is great . ok I ll check it out  have you heard Pakistan has jazz music .I did not know that   Kansas City does too .ya but does Kansas City have a jazz orchestra at the top of the charts  Because Pakistan apparently does haha. I had never heard of that  But I guess if a programming language can have jazz roots  what doesn t  . haha that is true  did you know that professional jazz trumpeters grow goatees for better comfort while playing.That makes sense      I am a fan of sitcoms   do you like  rd Rock from the sun .I ve never seen it is it any good  I do like Seinfeld a lot.Yes it beat Seinfeld in the Golden Globe competition in     . well if it s funny maybe I should check it out  do you like Bill Murray .Yes   I love him   we both think Kung Fu hustle was hilarious.I agree  Not everyone likes that movie and it is really wacky but I m glad there are other fans out there .Yes there are a lot of different styles of comedy   it has evolved a lot since ancient greece. Yup it s evolved since then and even since MOnty Python which I also like  and is why the programming language is named python
conversation_915 Have you heard of Eddie Perfect .Isn t he a composer . Yes  he was involved in a musical version of Beetlejuice  Have you watched Beetlejuice .I have but not in a long time  Scared the heck out of me when I first saw it  Have you seen it . Oh  man  I was about to say that  I watched it when I was younger  I think it would still creep me out .I know  Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the best comedy today  I think he may be pulling our leg   .I don t think I ve watched that  I have watched Green Lantern  I did not know that originally that was supposed to be a Jack Black comedy .I liked that movie but I know it can crushed  I thought it was fun  I also wasn t expecting much   .Did you ever watch  rd rock from the sun .I did  I loved that show  Hated French Stewart though   . Really  I never thought  rd Rock was funny  I preferred Friends and Seinfeld  though I know  rd rock beat them for the Golden Globe in     .I liked those shows too and they were better than  rd rock  I did see friends the other day and it did not hold up  It was bad .Haha  Do you like Comedy Central shows . I did  when the show was Chapelle s show  Do you watch it .I do not watch it  CN has had over     shows cancelled .That seems like a lot  I wonder how many hetwork shows have had canceled .I prefer to listen to music than to watch tv  Matthew Bellamy has the record for most smashed guitars on tour .what a waste  I hope he has a guitar deal  Jazz trumpeters grew goatees for comfort   . Ah  always thought it was just the style  Did you know Queen s guitarist has a PhD in astrophysics  I guess he had a backup plan .That s a pretty good backup plan  Eddie Van halen was on Beat it  I had no clue .And he set the studio speakers on fire  Oops 
conversation_916 Hey there  Do You like the comedy genre  The origins of comedy are actually found in ancient Greece . I do  comedy is one of my favorite genres  its so cool and  makes e feel poisitive.Yes me too I just love laughing and comedy induces that .Do you have a favorite comedy movie  I liked Evan Almighty a lot.That was a good movie  I liked Kung Fu Hustle and Bill Murray did too apparently . That was a great movie as well  what about the Empire Strikes Back  the Star Wars movie  did you like that one .Oh yeah that is a classic and always will be  I like the movie Green Lantern  Jack Black was originally going to star in it . Well The Empire Strikes back was considered a comedy movie back in       and really  Jack Back is one of my favorites.Yes he is one of mine as well  I want to try to watch third rock from the sun because it won a Golden Globe for best comedy in      . I bet it was a really good show  I havent heard of it before  odd fact but a comedy movie hasnt won a best picture award in over    years.I wonder why it s so hard to make good comedy  Comedy Central has canceled over     shows since creating it in      .     shows  woah thats a lot of them   I bet they let a lot of people down.Yes I know I was mad when they canceled the Chapelle show  It was one of my favorites  Do you like jazz music  It emerged in the      s with African American and European American roots . I used to love that show as well so funny  I do like Jazz music  the genre does have deep roots.Yes indeed it does  Jazz is played everywhere  One Harlem woman has held free jazz concerts at her apartment every Sunday for    years .I bet her neighbors loved her and then some others hated her as well .Yeah I hopefully shouldn t play too late  Those jazz players who play the trumpet grow goatees to provide extra comfort when playing . Yeah I heard about those  they look really weird but I guess they have their function .I didn t realize jazz was so global  Even Pakistan has a jazz orchestra  They seem to be doing pretty well . Yeah seems like a really talented orchestra  did you ever watch the series Breaking Bad .Yes I love that series  Heisenberg was the man  Almost as cool as Eddie Van Halen when he set a studio speaker on fire  It was really fun talking with you this afternoon . I wonder if that s true  its been great chatting with you also have a nice day bye  
conversation_917 YouTube is an American video sharing website created the service in February      . Yes  youtube is also more interesting than a republican party reptile .YouTube is the second largest search engine used by many people  YouTube now operates as one of Google subsidiaries .Will there ever be a merger between the continental congress where each of the    colonies is represented . The Republican Party also referred as the GOP is one of the major political parties in United States  The party works on the ideology of anti slavery activists and Economic reforming activities . Hey  thats interesting   Youtube was used by school shooter Nikolas Cruz   So any platform can carry any message . YouTube allows the user to upload  view and comments about the video  It is a platform to show our talent  Police actually have their own youtube called blutube  Where they can share about law enforcement videos .Bluetube   Never heard of it   Youtube began as a dating website   Is it possible that bluetube is about dating as well .I don t about the dating website .It is my understanding that the first upload to youtube was a guy talking about elephants   Why would a guy talk about elephants on a dating web site .Oh   It is very interesting  YouTube and Netflix together create lot of internet traffics in the peak hours of North America  Many people are using it . Yes  the growth has been amazing   In       youtube used as much bandwidth as the entire internet in      . Yeah  Mostly teenager using the watching videos  songs in YouTube it make more internet traffic  Gangnam style got many views on the YouTube that they had to upgrade the view count integer to    bits  They are upgrading their technology for viewers . I do enjoy Gangnam style   I wonder  if google created a AI network to watch youtube videos  what would it learn .So many fans for YouTube so only google take this decision . I would bet that the fans of youtube  real or AI would learn to like CAT videos   There are a lot of cat videos on the site .It is very interesting .If you were to relax and watch some video on youtube what would you pick   I like to watch Bob Ross joy of painting   That guy is happy little tree calm .I wish to watch comedy scenes and cartoon videos also  It make me feel better .Cartoon videos   Is there a specific one   Is bug bunny available   Google bought youtube for       billion in        Cat videos must be worth something .Tom and Jerry is all time favourite for me  It make out from my stress and feel better and happier  You have any favourite cartoon videos  .Tom and Jerry are old school proper cartoons   Animaniacs came in later   Pinky and the Brain were funny   Polka Dot   I have never registered for youtube .Today I surely watch this video thank you .Ayn Rand is often referenced by the Simpsons   Never thought of her as a poster woman for the tea party   Good day 
conversation_918 I recently heard that there are three subway lines used exclusively for members of Congress to move between the Capitol building and their House or Senate office  Crazy .Yes  They get many perks. I wonder if they have to wait as long as regular people do  or if the lines are ever down  LOL .I would think they are running smoothly .There is so much random information available these days  I recently heard that the first woman was elected to Congress in        before she could even vote in the election  We have come a long way .yes women have overcome much in the past  hundred years . Staying on the topic of random information  I just saw that when Harry Truman was president  he went to Disneyland  While there  he refused to have his picture taken on the Dumbo ride so he wouldn t be associated with Republicans  Truth is definitely stranger than fiction .Yes he was worried. Related to Republicans  do you think Congress will take any action on gun control  now that the Houses are split  It will be interesting to see if the Democrat controlled House will have any pull .They wont be able to get past the senate.Probably not  It seems that the GOP and the NRA are in lockstep .Its been that way for many years .True  And apparently legislation is the only way to accomplish real change  The Justice Department does not have the legal authority to do anything .to get anything done on guns you will need three branches controlled by Democrats. Quite possibly  Meanwhile we continue to have mass shootings every couple of months  I m not sure if the answer is gun control  mental health policy  or both  but we need to do something . It wont get done anytime soon  unfortunately  . Probably not  At least not as long as we let the get away with stalling via  debate    Apparently even the NRA is in favor of banning bump stocks  but we still can t get this through Congress  Sad state of affairs .Too much money involved. That s a whole other can of worms  LOL  PAC money and special interests have so much control  Foreign countries  too  apparently .everyone has their hand in the cookie jar. Yeah  and nothing changes  Politicians sit around collecting pay checks  perks  and pensions  while spending tax payers  money  It s a very sad state of affairs .People have to keep voting them out when they do the wrong thing
conversation_919 Hi   Do you frequently watch YouTube.i do  every night before bed  How about you . I use it quite a bit too  you can truly find anything in there .There s something for everyone  It s a shock it began as a dating site.Really    That is kind of crazy   I also remember when they used to restrict the time of videos to like    minutes .Nowadays youd be hard pressed to find a good one that s less than that . True  although Psy s Gangnam Style is pretty awesome  so good they had to up the integer counter on the video .haha that video was such a hit when it came out  I was shocked it blew up so quickly  The song is kinda catchy though you have to admit .It really   You just have to dance when you hear it . a song I dont like to dance to is Baby by Justin Bieber  the most disliked video on the entire site. I would agree with you there  it is a pretty annoying song   I would have disliked it too .I heard in      youtube took up as much bandwidth as the entire internet in       That s huge . Wow   It still makes up for half of the internet traffic  along with Netflix .absolutely  Do you like to paint . I try  but I am not very good . you should check out the    episodes of Joy of Painting that can be found on YouTube  you may learn a thing or two.Is that with Bob Ross .sure is  He was a national treasure. I have a feeling hed tell me  happy little trees and not angry blobs   lol.But I bet he would be very nice about it . Probably  I love his stuff   A local bar has a drunk painting class where you try to paint from one of his videos  while drinking .that does sound fun  I think I m going to go try that class out now  Thanks for chatting 
conversation_920 How are you today  I ve really felt like the U S  hasn t done enough to start reworking gun policy .I really feel that policy s don t need to be changed to much  GOP Rep  David Jolly doesn t seem to agree though . I dont own a gun so i dont have much of a  dog in this fight  but i can see how much of the policy we have now is in place for a reason and is working  .Right  I guess we can all agree to disagree  One thing that we can agree on is how silly it is that the first youtube video uploaded was of a guy talking about elephants . Haha  i didnt know that  I wonder how many views it has  .I want to look it up and find out  Who knew Youtube began as a dating website  Would people update vidoes of themselves talking about their love interest or something .I actually thinks thats an interesting idea to have YouTube as a dating site  A tinder before its time .I agree  You can tell the popularity of the internet has grown since       Youtube alone used the bandwidth in      that      used .Im still surprised that YouTube is as big as it is  Im interested to see what overall bandwidth we will be using in      . Yes  It s unreal  Google bought Youtube in      and I bet they are happy about that investment  Youtube has been able to partner with other streaming providers like Hulu and Vevo  they are really racking in the money . OH  those companies would be bringing in so much money  What do you think the most liked video is  .I m not sure but I love how there are    full videos of Bob Ross  I love watching him paint its so relaxing .I love Bob Ross  His squirrel was the best pet ever  I didnt know there are    videos .Yes I agree  Thats a really good reason to binge on Youtube I guess  haha  I love how Youtube alllows users to upload those types of videos and not ban them  They even allow inappropriate videos for    year old users .What type videos do that have that are inappropriate for    years old on YouTube .I bet its videos that that are sexually suggestive  Nudity or some sort . Oh  that makes sense  yeah those should be removed  .Yeah  Who would have thought three former Paypal employees would create such as a global platform  Everyone knows about Youtube I m pretty sure its so popular  .It would have been great to have invested in the company much earlier .I agree  Especially since Youtube was bought by Google for       billion .Have a great day .You too
conversation_921 Do you invest in the stock market . I do  Lets talk about Snakes   in New Zealand they do not have any snakes at all. No  but it is not surprising  it is a very isolated place  .There are snakes called flying snakes that are able to launch themselves at their prey.Do they have wings . I dont believe they do  There are legless lizards   they are not snakes but lizards without limbs.THat s crazy  Apparently the fear of snakes is not hard wired .I believe it is hard wired not only in humans but also in monkey s.Interesting  Do you use facebook . I do  lets talk about that next   as of January      they have more then     billion monthly active users. Hmmm  did you participate in the burger king promotion  . I did not   not sure why they wanted people to unfriend others . Yeah  it is a little weird  I remember that promotion  How much is a whopper         .I dont know anymore  The public in Iceland are making suggestions and alterations to their Constitution via Facebook .I wonder if that is going to go over really well or not .Myspace had an option at one point to buy Facebook for    million in     . Yeah  probably for the best  they likely would have ruined it  LOL.Facebook s minimum age to join is    for the most part but variations and local law sometimes effect that also . Interesting  I didn t know that they have a minimum  Is that for the US  Nice chatting with you  . Zuckerburg suffers from red green colorblindness that is why Facebook is mostly blue  nice chatting with you also.I ve never heard that  That is pretty cool  So that s why it is blue and white  Does he know that . I think he does  the like button is illegal in some areas in Germany  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_922 Do you believe in evolution . Yeah  I do   There s certain aspects of it I can t really explain  but the basic principals I think are sound . Well apparently we lost our hair as recently as         years ago . I started losing my hair about ten years ago    LOL   Speaking of evolution  did you know we  humans  adapted for persistence hunting  .I did not know that i think it s pretty cool how animals can synthesize there own vitamin C  but we can t  Leaves some things to question . I m curious why that is    I may google it later   I m told our  modern  ancestors came about starting around         years ago   So  we haven t really been around that long  relatively speaking.Yeah and I ve heard of homo sapiens but I ve never heard the term taxonomically before  Have you . I m not sure  I don t think so   We do have some neat healing abilities though   They say he can regrow a rib within only     months of having it surgically shortened   Say  jumping tracks here  do you follow basketball any .Not at all it boring to me don t have the patients  How about you . I m not the biggest fan of it TBH  but I do find some of the little details about it fascinating   For instance  I really admire all the charity work LeBron James has done during his career .When you have it to spare it shouldn t be hard to share but i m happy that he gives back as well . Course  I find it simply amazing how much money these guys make in endorsement   For example  some of them get paid over the money just for wearing certain brands of SHOES . I know it s the way of the world give it to those who don t need it and take it from those who do   but i digress  lol  . For example Lebron had an offer for     million from Reebok he turned down  then a year he got a     million offer from Nike   Again  we re talking shoes here   Wonder if any famous non athletes get shoe endorsement offers   LOL.Right  that is very interesting what you said about the ribs growing back  the brain has the ability to reroute blood vessel in the brain as well  the human body is amazing . Yeah  it is amazing   They say the brain is a lot like a computer   Speaking of  do you know the space shuttles general purpose computer runs on a mere  MB of ram   All this time and still so little memory . Yeah i can t figure out if that s incredibly efficient or stupid  lol  You know if you smoke near apple computers it voids the warranty  . Yeah  I ve heard about that   They consider it a  bio hazard   Makes sense to me .Yeah your right actually  The Russian made a computer that operated on water  That sounds fascinating . I heard someone made a working    bit computer using minecraft building blocks   I m not familiar enough with the game to know how that would work  but it sounds pretty amazing .Yeah kind of ingenuous actually  That computer that ran on water was in       Anyways nice chatting with you . Hey  you too   Have a great night . You too parting thought  If you could would you upload your mind to a computer if you could  like the Trashumanists want to  
conversation_923 Hello  How are you today .Hi   pretty well   how about you .Im doing good  Do you have any pets . Yes  I have two cats   a male and a female   both black   How about you .Nope  not at the moment  Did you know that they cloned a cat . Yeah   I had heard about that   They called it  copy cat       But even if you clone a cat and it looks identical to the original  I wonder if its personality will be the same . Im not sure  I know I am a twin which isnt really the same  but we have totally different personalities . yeah   it s he old nature nurture question  i guess   .There are more tigers living in as pets in the US than there are living in the wild in asia crazy huh . Wow   I didn t realize that   Hard to believe  but we have been pretty destructive to the wild tiger population over the years .Im just surprised that there are that many kept as pets .I believe that there are certain areas of the world where that is more common than in others   I saw a TV program on a rescue for big cats whose owners had tired of them   or become afraid of them   .I dont think I would trust them enough to keep one as a pet  I have kids though .oh well   then you are probably used to wild beasts     Did you know Theodore Roosevelt had over    pets   Including a bear and a heyena .Yeah what could you do with a hyena  Lol  What a weird pet to have . good for a laugh  I d say .Did you know that its not legal in boulder CO to own pets .Yeah I was thinking the same thing  I wonder if you get arrested if you say thats my dog  Lol . I grew  up with dogs   Old English Sheepdogs  to be specific   I love them too   just can fit a big dog in a small apartment . Same here I always had dogs growing up  but I live in a trailer so dont have much room either . I like the big breeds   the closer they are to wolves  the better   .Yeah i like them to  Well you have a good evening 
conversation_924 Hello  Have you ever seen the movie Smallfoot  Apparently it s an animated fantasy about a Sasquatch type of character . Awe  I have watched it a bunch of times with my kids  Its really cute and has Tatum Channing as a voice actor  When it s adult time I like to watch basketball though  I like King James .Oh nice yeah I like basketball too  LeBron James is definitely the king  I can t wait to see him in the upcoming space jam movie . Oh that will be fun  I remember MIchael Jordan in the first one  I think  James raised more than   million for charity in the past  Hes a great guy .Yeah he raise that money by televising his decision on where he was going to play next  Pretty sure he did that . Yeah  super cool  Its funny because Judge Judy is the second highest paid celebrity only to Lebron  She get s         per episode .Well she makes a ton of money I have never actually watched her show  Even back in high school he drew a lot of attention to himself  Over      people would attend his games . Yeah  he even had his highschool games cost      bucks a ticket  I love Judge Judy  watch her all the time lol .Ha ha nice maybe I should watch it sometime  LeBron James even rejected     million from Reebok when he was only    .Yeah right  He was smart enough to see into the future and know he could get even more money  Since he gives to charity he has been blessed .Yeah I think you are right  It was good he waited since he got way more from nike . Yeah  exactly  I guess NIke gave him     million dollars  Thats crazy money .Yeah he is definitely set for life  He is also an amazing basketball player and he recieved four NBA most valuable player awards . Yep  very cool  I have been studying and trying to learn more about my computer lately and found out that if I smoke near it   it will void the warranty  Apple says it becomes biohazard  lol.Oh wow well I guess that makes sense  Apple seems to know their products quite well  Someone want to build a working    bit computer using nothing but the basic Minecraft building blocks  I wonder what that look like . Oh man  I dont know  I heard that transhumanists want to upload their minds to computers and their memory onto memory sticks  sounds like a movie to me .Yeah that sounds exactly like a sci fi movie  In fact I think they made a black mirror episode about that  The space shuttles general purpose computer runs on about   MB of RAM  Doesn t seem like a lot . Yes  that doesn t seem like anything at all really  We have come so far   .Agreed  The Russians have also made some advances themselves  In      they made a computer that ran on water . Yeah  water  Thats amazing  I learned that humans lost their body hair as recently as         years ago   that reminds me I need to get ready for the gym  I wish I would lose all my hair and I could get ready quicker lol . Ha ha I couldn t even imagine having body hair all over my body like that  I m glad we lost it back then  Apparently there is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans  but I don t know if I have ever heard it  Very nice chatting with you have a good day 
conversation_925  Migo is a funny yeti  fun movie by Warner Bros Pictures.I missed that movie   I need to see if I can catch it  It sounds awesome . It has great actors  well voices  Channing Tattun and James Corden are the voices of some of the characters.I heard there are some intellectual jokes in there that are fairly masked . Yeah I cant recall any of them now but yeah  the movie had good punch lines  interesting plot  reviving Bigfoot.So is it about a Yeti searching for a Yeti . Well in the movie Bigfoot  Sasquatch and the abominable snowman are real and they think we are a myth  so its the other way around for them.Ahh   I missed that movie too   lol  That makes sense . Its a really funny movie do you like LeBron James  I think he was also a part of the movie.Was he really   That is cool  I hear he is going to star in the Space Jam sequel . Yeah  he is  so it will not be his first film  I am excited about that Space Jam sequel  . I loved the one the MJ  I hope it can live up to the hype . I hope that too  well Warner Bros is going to produce it so I bet its going to be good I wonder what othere players will be in the movie as well.Maybe Steph Curry   He seems to be pretty popular on the basketball scene . He is another popular player yeah and Cobey maybe even Jordan  he could make a guest appearance.I think it would be great if Jordan was in it too . I know right  having Jordan in the game would attract many fans  well I know LeBron will  people are crazy about him. He has certainly done well for himself   He has switched teams frequently  that has caused some problems for some fans . He sure has  he is the highest paid celebrity right now  he sure earns a lot of money. Definitely  he even waited out a deal from Reebok for    mil  to get    mil from Nike within a year . That was a smart move  he won a lot of money by doing that  
conversation_926 Channing Tatum was in Smallfoot . I ve not seen this movie  have you . No  James Corden is also in it .Sounds fun  looks like Lebron james is too . Yes  it s about a himalayan yeti named Migo . Did you know that Humans  taxonomically  Homo sapiens  are the only extant members of the subtribe Hominina . Interesting  they also have erect posture and bipedal locomotion .high manual dexterity and heavy tool use compared to other animals . Also  open ended and complex use of language compared to other animals . I wonder if this is right  Several of these hominins used fire  occupied much of Eurasia  and gave rise to anatomically modern Homo sapiens in Africa about         years ago .Fun  Did you know Lebron James raised   million dollars for charity . No idea  humans began to exhibit evidence of behavioral modernity around        years ago .What a long time ago  Humans also use tools better than any other animal .also a larger brain .The russians made a computer that ran on water  They must have big brains also .    Humans may have lost their body hair as recently as         years ago .Humans can also regrow a rib in     months of having it shortened .What  Are you joking . No  very true  Did you know that the space shuttle s general purpose computer runs on  mb of ram . I did know that  Did you know Judge judy makes          per episode  making her the highest paid celebrity only after lebron james . Wow  I wish I were her  She has a great show and is very rich 
conversation_927 hi do you like dogs .I love dogs   THey have    blood types .Yeah and there are blood drives for dogs.Yeah  DId you hear what they are doing in istanbul to feed the dogs .Yes  They have a machine where you put plastic bottles in and it dispenses food and water .Yeah pretty neat idea  Did you know dogs understand pointing .Yes and the elephants can do the same actually.Yeah they are both very smart animals and understand a lot more too.Yes  DId you know Google is a dog company .Yes they have it in their code of conduct.Yeah  Do you have a pet .I have two dogs  Did you know they have    blood types . Wow  nice  Did you know the first cloned cat was named Copycat .Wow that is a very fitting name for that cat for sure.Yeah  THere are more tigers living as pets in the US than there are in Asia in the wild.That is pretty sad  Roosevelt had    pets including a bear and hyena .Yeah and in Japan there are more pets than children under   .No way  Do you know how many individual animals are out there . Yes a number that I do not even know how many zeros is has     quintillion.You are right it is a crazy number  Do you have a pet .I do and did you hear they develop white patches when domesticated 
conversation_928  Hi  do you like baseball .Hi  I love baseball as well as kickball aka soccer ball as they call it in Canada  Ha  What about you . I like baseball and all sports in general  And you know what  I used to play kickball as a kid  .That s awesome  I couldn t believe that the Japanese baseball fans were surprised to learn baseball is America s national pastime  I m equally surprised to learn they were surprised.That is a suprised cycle  Did you know why baseball managers dress in uniforms during a game .It s because they actually can play if needed  Can you imagine an old manager out there catching fly balls in the outfield  That d be hilarious  Ha . Yes  LOL  and I don t remember that happening  did you know what a very lucky man found in his grandfather s attic . I heard it was    million worth in old     s baseball cards that were hidden there since the     s  It s like  I need to start checking attics then  Ha .You never know what you ca find   Nice hidden inheritance from grandpa  . No kidding  May even find some old Edgar Allan Poe literature  Speaking of Poe  did you know he only got     for the publication of  The Raven   That is truly unbelievable . Oh  so sad  and how famous  is his poetry today  did you know poetry is so old  It can be found in Pyramide texts dating back to the   th century BCE . That is amazing  I wasn t aware of that  I also think those poems are amazing that when read normally are depressing  but backwards are inspiring and motivational .Wow I have to try that  And also reading the javanese alphabet which forms a poem too . I d like to read that one  Also  Demetri Martin once wrote a palindrome poem that was     words  That is pretty interesting . Yes it is  Talking about arts  do you like ballet . I do  actually  In fact  I think it s interesting that pro ballet dancers often go through   pairs of pointe shoes weekly  How about you . I love ballet too  and i was surprised of how many pairs of shoes they use   they should probably get      year old shoes  because they work better than modern shoes . No kidding  I should invest in a pair of those old shoes  then  Ha  But if they re that old  we may want to drop a dry tea bag in them to absorb the nasty odor  Ha .hahaha that is right   Have you heard of what NFL player Steve Smith does after every game . Yeah  I think it s a great thing he does leaving his cleats on the field to help raise awareness of the homeless who have no shoes  That is very kind of him .It is  well I think it has been a nice chat  I did learn some cool stuff. Agreed as I have as well  And I ll leave you with one last cool little fact about Stephon Marbury  he promoted a shoe line that retailed at     even though he wasn t paid to endorse them  That was pretty cool of him to do  Well it was great chatting with you  Take care  friend . I did enjoy the chat  Yo do the same  
conversation_929 Hello  Are you into baseball . Yes  I love baseball and you .Sure  Gotta love a game where you get to use a bat   Have you ever played .I have played softball  I go to a lot of games  Very interesting a    year old female pitcher was banned from professional baseball . Really  I wonder why  Was she a softball pitcher trying  to play baseball  or was she and overhand thrower .No she struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig in succession  Love the catching a ball in your hat deal . Nice  If you can beat her  ban he from the game  In Canada  they callkickball by the name  Soccer baseball  I wonder if that game is integrated . I don t know          is a lot of ball for a baseball season .Yup  and      is a lot of games for one married couple to schedule every year . lol  yes it is  Wow   th century high heels were worn by persian cavalry soldiers . Fashion trends come and go  but that is ridiculous  Were they endorsed by Stephon Marbury  He promoted those    dollar shoes which he was not paid to endorse  so  why not  th century high heals too . ha ha ha  I know  Do you tie all of your shoes the same way since there are    ways . I use Velcro  and fasten it the same way each time   So  why is it that professional ballet dancers go through   pairs of ballet shoes every week  but you never see big endorsement deal for ballet  shoes . That makes sense  must no money in it  I don t think I would want someone to break in my shoes for me like Queen Elizabeth . I would let her break in my shoes  as long as she brings tea    You know       year old shoes designed perform better than modern shoes  They don t make them like they used to . lol  just the thought of it  Interesting about the Vikings were war poets . Poet warriors   The pen is mightier than the sword  but a good poem will put all your opponents to sleep  There is a poem that  when read normally is depressing  but when read backwards is inspiring  How bad must a poem be to be improved by reading it backwards . Really  Its not depressing to me  I love poetry   Very interesting Art  music and poetry were once olympic sports  . Now the best poets are rap artists  You know  almost all of the Hobbit characters were taken from an old Icelandic poem   Dvergatal  Say that ten times quickly . Yes  I ve heard of that before  Have you heard of the poem Chaos . No  But did you know that if the Javanese alphabet is recited in order  it forms a poem 
conversation_930 Hi  Have you heard about paleo or gluten free diets .I have   I have done a paleo diet a few times   How about you . Never tried  but heard that these diets may not be useful for children   teens    . It depends  I think they are sustainable if done correctly   But it may deprive them of things they need to grow . Paleo is low or no carb  right . It is natural carbs  so no refined things or bread wheat   Carbs from fruit nuts are ok . Can you eat proteins  like meat fish  that youth would need  too  for energy .Yes   It is a protein veggie rich diet   No dairy either . Sounds like a diet some would try to lose weight  Are processed foods out  too .All processed foods are out   I have been successful with weight loss on it before .Wonder if kids may end up eating more processed foods on a gluten free diet  Could that happen . Not usually  gluten free usually cuts out a lot of the processed foods  especially carbs . Okay  How do you replace the fiber  iron  calcium . A lot of those can be found in vegetables  and meats   Paleo is essentially a if you could hunt or gather it you can eat it . That s easier to understand  Meat  fresh fruit  veggies  Aren t there good   or slow   carbs in some veggies and fruits .There are   Most natural things have slow carbs so they dont spike blood sugars . Right  Wouldn t this type of diet cut diabetes  especially teen diabetes . It could sure help  the processed foods and sugars are what leads to weight gain and often diabetes . I see  The old  Let them eat cake  poor advice  If kids cut out milk  what about bone growth . I think it would be fine with a veggie rich diet  and with fruits   There are ways to get nutrients other than just milk . Do you wonder that too many kids are influenced by celebs like Miley Cyrus or Marie Osmond  who have promoted certain diets   for a fee . I am not shocked many celebs will do anything for money   Its a shame many of them dont actually sue the diet they promote   Anyway  nice chatting 
conversation_931 What do you think of the Paleo diet for kids . Hello  I think there should be some restrictions but not low carb if it s a good carb  Gluten free is good though I think .yeah I don t think they necessarily need to be on a low carb diet   Gluten free isn t bad if they have health reasons for needing to do that I suppose.I think kids tend to take diets to the extreme sometimes  Not good because they need balance since they are growing . Yes  I believe we should focus on feeding them healthy whole grains  fruits and vegatables and that way they will grow to choose better choices.Yes  good carbs fuel the brain and give you energy which kids need a lot of  They need a vast variety of these vitamins and minerals .You want them to appreciate food and healthy food choices so they won t have a unhealthy relationship with food when they are older   If we are always having them on a diet as a kid then they might go crazy and make bad choices later on in life. Exactly  and with all the celebrity influence it s vital they learn from parents what a healthy way of life and eating is not just about your size and shape .I agree   speaking of celebrities  Robin Williams in Aladdin was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated films.That s very interesting  Did you know Miley Cyrus  real name is Destiny Hope  I like that better . yes that is actually really pretty   She also has a nickname of  smiley  .Yes  That s why she goes by Miley lol very cute  Her Godmother is Dolly Parton too that s awesome .That is pretty neat   Her brother is also famous   He is the lead guitarist and backing vocal in metro stataion. Wow  that family is talented for sure  Her Dad Billy Ray has been very famous as well but I haven t heard about him in awhile .yeah they starred in the Disney Channel show Hannah Montana.I know and it seems so many of today s talent has come from being in t v shows  and many from the Disney channel .I know thats true   She was also in a film called Big Fish.Was she  I didn t know that  It s crazy that her hit Wrecking Ball was co written by   different people  She has had many hits .Also party in the USA was originally written by Jessie J and intended for Jessie J.Right  It s funny how things work out  Just like Eminem originally was going to be a comic book artist    I am sure he s happy now that he followed his  alternate dream.in      a michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against him. Really  haha  I would have liked to have heard that  Eminem has had an amazing career  Tupac has music is in the library of congress . yes that had to be funny   Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle  it called  compliment battle .That would be cool to watch  So many different styles these days  It has been great chatting with you .yes you too.Have a happy New Year .you too.Thanks 
conversation_932 Good morning  Do you like Lord of the rings  I think J R R  Tolkien was a brilliant English writer . Actually  I do not  I don t even like the movies  I do think there is a fan among astronomers  though  As the moon  Titan s mountains are named after Middle Earth .Oh yes that is a cool fact  I like Middle Earth but I like our earth even more  I think it s so cool that the gravitational interaction between the earth and moon cause the tides .It s saddening to think that over     of our forests have been destroyed .Yes it truly is  When Earth was first formed a day was only     hours long .It s insane to think that the UN has an ambassador for extraterrestrials .Yes I m surprised it took them so long to be honest  They only appointed one in      .I wonder if that is why Jeff Bezos built his clock in the mountains of Texas . Yes maybe he was so happy that he wanted to do something to commemorate that event  Do you think it will actually run for        years . As long as there are enough hikers winding the key each year  However  it s a lot longer of a hike  than the    miles some warehouse workers walk each shift  .That s a lot of walking  Especially since they have to work on Sundays because Amazon has a contract with USPS . I love getting my packages on sunday  lol  I wish I was the first customer  so I could have a building named after me .Yes that would be so cool  And it only cost a customer        . I didn t know that IMDB was owned by Amazon  did you .Yes but I didn t know that they acquired it back in      . That is amazing  Elizabeth Warren is wanting to break up Amazon  as it s the largest internet retailer in the world  I wonder if she will be successful in doing so . I don t think so  She is crazy  We will always be a capitalist country  Amazon wouldn t allow it  They have film studios  a publishing arm  and much more . Amazon has no say in the matter  and this country has  a history of going after monopolies  I think their customer service is slipping though  maybe they do have too many arms to keep the quality up  Their independent programming for their studios isn t the greatest .Yes that s a good point  Amazon does have a say in the matter  Politicians get paid off all the time and our country has a long history of this  I am not saying Amazon does this but it s possible  Well it was nice chatting with you . You obviously don t know how the anti monopoly stature works  If that were true  AT T would never have been broke up  nor would the steel industries  and banks  Amazon has a publishing arm as well  there are a lot of books on the subject  you should check out a few .I understand what you are saying and I understand there exist anti Monopoly stature but if it was      effective than there wouldn t be any monopolies when in fact there are  Do you know how many tech companies monopolize certain geographical areas  I will definitely read more about it  Thanks for chatting this morning . Again  that s not how it works  lol  It s a fascinating subject  Check out a few books on the  Robber Barrons  .Ok I definitely will thanks for the recommendation  Have a good one .Bye .Bye 
conversation_933 Good morning  Do you ever shop on Amazon . Yes  I love it   It was founded by Jeff Bezos on July        .Hard to believe it s been around so long  For some reason it feels new to me   You know it started out as just a bookstore .Really thats interesting   The first customer spent        and got a building named after him .He s a lucky man  And a smart one for buying from what was an unknown company at the time that turned in to the powerhouse it is today .did you know that the United States Postal Service has a contract with amazon to deliver packages on Sunday. I did know that and to me  it just says exactly how powerful amazon is   As far as I know  they are the only company that has that contract .I think so   I also saw that the workers for Amazons warehouse walk b t   and    miles each dday.Well that s a good thing  It s a great way to get exercise and make money at the same time .LOL exactly   Did you know that Amazon passed up Walmart as the most valuable retailer in the United States. I believe it  I shop at Walmart but I like to shop online   Truth is  Amazon ships UPS and Walmart doesn t   Amazon gets stuff to you in a day or so   Walmart doesn t do that either .Exactly I prefer Amazon   I just do Walmart for groceries   I saw that Amazon is the third most valuable public company in the United States .I guess that Google and Facebook are probably the top two   Amazon might just move up though  They ve got their own film and tv studio now .Actually I read that they are behind Apple and Microsoft . Really   Well I m wrong lol   Well still  they might move up anyways . Yes  they might   They are the largest internet company by revenue in the world.And right behind Alibaba in total sales   I wonder if that s due to the population size of China .It might be   I also saw that after Walmart they are the largest employer in the United States .What do you think about the cashless stores they are starting up .Well I guess most people dont carry cash so it makes sense   I was reading that IMBD has been owned by Amazon since        I didn t know that. I didn t know that either   Sounds like amazon got into expanding early on  They were only a   year old business when they did that   Well  I ve got to go for a bit   It s been nice chatting with you   Have a great day 
conversation_934 hello.Hello.Have you heard of El Chapo .I have heard of El Chapo but tell me more .well his wife just through their daughter a huge Barbie themed party as he sits in jail.Was that the one where the daughter had a pink themed party . Yes it was      They had pink flowers  pink cakes  pink couches  etc.That s really crazy  I saw that they had a carnival ride and a pink themed splashed party room . switching topics  did you know that in Nevada  the US government owns     of the land . Yeah  I heard something like that  It s crazy that the government could own that much of the land  Reminded me of when wikileaks published the government plan to ruin wikileaks . Yes  I remember that  I also remember the us passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the geneva conventions in     . That s right they did do that  That was such a shame like when a man in France managed to impersonate the government and tell the Eiffel Tower  not once but twice .Did you know the actor Ricky Gervis was a pop singer in the    s . No I did not  but I did remember that  We are the Champions  was rated as the catchiest pop song of all time by scientists .That is cool   Its also funny that the Indonesia president has   pop albums . Haha  that president is truly living the life  Switching subjects  do you know much about Lebron James . Yes I know a lot  including many consider him the greatest basketball player of all time . He does have an extensive amount of awards including four NBA MVPs  three NBA FInals MVPS and two Olympic gold medals .I heard he has partnered with Warner Bros to do a Space Jam sequel . Wow  a Space Jam sequel would be great  I hear he even gets paid more than Judge Judy . well  thanks for chatting 
conversation_935 Are you familiar with El Chapo  . Oh  sure  I heard his daughters got thrown a Barbie party  I wonder if his kids know what he does for a living . Yeah  apparently he was a drug king pin  . I know his older kids know  as some of them were involved with him  but I always wondered about children of drug king pins and mafia members  etc  His twins are only seven years old . Yeah  pretty interesting  I think he was found guilty recently wasn t he  .I have not heard  There is outrage because his wife is hosting parties with alleged drug money .I believe it  It is hard to prove that it is actual drug money likely though . Yeah  it is hard to prove  He  do I have to say allegedly since you say he was convicted   ran a billion dollar narcotics empire and actually controlled the American illegal drug supply  There were a lot of dead bodies . Probably  it reminds me of Pablo Escobar  Same type of deal  Bad dude s .I heard the government has failed to pocket any of Chapo s gains .It wouldn t surprise me  Did you know that a      study concluded that Pop Music has grown louder .Louder and more homogeneous  I d say more hideous haha .Interesting  Did you know Warner Bros signed a deal with King James for Space Jam . Cool  I look forward to seeing it  Lebron doesn t only make money for himself  he raises millions for charity . Yeah  he s a great player  but I wish he would have stayed with his original team  .He kind of always knew how good he was  He rejected a     million dollar offer from Reebok because he thought he could do better  He was right  A year later he got a     million offer from Nike . WOW  but typically Reebok isn t the way to go if you ask me  . Ha  from a business standpoint or style  I really don t like those shoes . Both  LOL  Did you know Judge Judy makes          per episode  That is insane  . Haha  that is pretty awesome  Is she really the highest paid celeb after Lebron . I think so  that is surprising to me  Well  nice chatting with you  
conversation_936 What do you think about El Chapo .I honestly think he s a snitch when a person goes to court they have to agree on their legal defense s strategy  HE chose to point out he wasnt the true leader of the group instead he pointed at a man who is    years old an has never been caught before names Ismael mayo zambada . Snitches get killed terribly  so I unless he isnt afraid  he committed a lot of crimes  he is a smart man though .He is very smart indeed  But I think mayo is smarter he didn t get caught trying to film a dumb movie about his life with sean penn after escaping and he made it to the old age of    years old by flying under the radar . I  guess he is smarter than El Chapo  still escaping like two prisons in the way he did  being the leader of the cartel after being only a poor farmer.He never was the actual leader    This is how he snitched he pointed out the old man as the true leader  Chapo wouldn t have tarnished his legacy if he would have just chose to remain quiet and loyal to end and not snitch  This is what makes pablo escobar a much bigger figure since he was never actually caught he only turned himself in to his own prison he built  They had to kill pablo to catch him . He was not  I must have my facts wrong then  maybe he pointed the old man because he wanted to divert attention away from him  and yeah Pablo made a similar mistake  he wanted a political career and that was the beginning of the end for him.If you have time watch the documentary on chapo s life on netflix you ll understand alot more  And watch the newest season of narcos they show that chapo was from the younger generation he started out working under the old mustaches. I guess I will watch it now  its an interesting story  has changed a lot of thins  it seems like El Chapo is not a violent person  he never said a bad word or acted violent according to Coronel.Maybe he knew that violence only brought more problems so he only used it as a tool when it was necessary to defend himself. Yeah he does seem like a quiet person  do you follow the government much .Yup I m constantly on google news looking at whats happening in the government daily. I think its important to keep up with the news  you know that     of the land in Nevada is owned by the government .So do you think most of the city of las vegas is probably government owned too . I dont think so  that is mostly private companies but who know I might have to Google that  maybe the own everything but Vegas lol.It would make so much sense they are just taking in all that casino money lol. It would  the government should donate more money to important causes then  just like the Norwegian government the donated    billion to save the rainforests.We definitely need something like that especially since our current idiot president doesnt even believe that climate change is real. Yeah he should take a look at the glaciers  did you hear about the plan the government had to destroy Wikileaks  ironic.They can plan as much as they want lol wikileaks will never go down there are already back ups of the site in different countries in case something happens it will go right back up from a server in some remote island lol. They must be a pain in the government ass lol  I think its a great service  why hide the truth  the truth will always come out  
conversation_937 Hi  Don t youjust love the government  LOL. hi how are you   love  um that is not the word i would use  the govt tests my patience  LOL. Whatever could you mean  Don t you just love their decisions  like choosing to own     of Nevada  How could yo question their common sense .I wonder what the govt does on that land  alien landing sites  secret experiments . All good reasons to devote our national resources   Perhapws your opinion of givernment officials is somewhat jaded by the imposters out there  selling the Eiffel Tower and such    But not all government is inept   yet    .I want to meet the guy that sold the eiffel tower  i want to meet the people he sold it to . Right    What kind of a box do you think they will need to carry home that purchase   We  I for one am encouraged by the actions of some governments  like the Norwegian gov  who donated    billion to save the rain forests   I think they plan to put it in millions of small Ziplac freezer bags where it can stay frssh onger . LOL  yes  norway makes a lot of money from oil  i think they are worried about its impact on the environment  it is a rich country too. Greedy  oil crazed governments   no wonder WikiLeaks is paranoid   They have published the government s plans to destroy WikiLeaks  I am comforted by that  Not that we know it is a governmental priority  we know it will never happen . I dont know what to expect from govt at this point  there is so much money in there  it no longer seems like a govt for people like me .Don t be fearful little one   LeBron James is here to protect us   right after he finished up promoting Space Jam . Space jam  another space jam movie  well  i guess people want to see lebron in a movie . People will pay money watch Lebron clean his nostrils   Some of his High School games were sold out      capacity evens running at          per seat   Yes  there is an audience for him   .LOL true  they love anything he does  and who got the money for those tickets  lebron  i doubt it . At least on occasion money finds it s way to the needy  LeBron televised his  decision  and gave the    million raised to charity .he has been quite generous off the court  he donated money to help kids go to college too .Nice  Maybe he uses some of that     milion he got from Nike to do some good in the world . yeah  a lot of the players dont do that  they blow their money and often end up broke after they retire  it is sad . It is  And then  before too long  the appear before Judge Judy  the second hiohest paid celebrity  behind LeBron  and get to tell their sad stories to the world   . True LOL  Anyway  great chat  see you on judge judy .No if I see you first   I am going to watch old videos of Ricky Gervais as a pop singer    Now that s entertainment . LOL  yes  i should watch myself  i could easily end up on JJ  Have a good day . I ll leave you with this  Scientists have voted that  We are the Champions  is the most catchiest pop song of all time  Nerds would know 
conversation_938 There is a cabaret that wants to ensure that Elvis  songs and music are taken seriously .I was never a big Elvis fan but my Uncle was .I liked some of his songs but I was not a big fan   So perhaps your uncle would like to see the cabaret show entitled Entirely Elvis .I wasn t very interested given its mix of country and gospel.What are you interested in . I like the classics but not country  more of the rock classics.Do you know that Bellamy holds the guiness work record for smashing guitars .how many .The article did not say   I am curious myself    It just says that the musician holds guiness world record for smashing guitars .I almost smashed the one I bought to learn how to play with but I stopped myself and just turned to learning to play drums instead.I played drums when I was at high school   I did not know that guitar had six strings .Both electric and traditional have six strings .I believe both types have six strings  My fingers hurt when I tried to play guitar   I gave up .How did guitar players tune their guitars before the days of apps and the internet .They must have done it manually   I prefer to play piano instead   I did not know that this instrument was invented in Italy   I thought it was in the US .The piano is one of the more beautiful instruments in my opinion. I agree with you   when BBC had no news on April           they decided to broadcast piano music .I wish they would still do that  they would be broadcasting a lot of that these days with nothing too important going on.I totally agree   I am tired of bad news   The sound from an acoustic instrument would be pleasant .I listen to Mozart pretty frequently when feeling stressed.It must be very relaxing   I need to do that too   Perhaps English people are more calm on the old days when BBC decided to broadcast piano music instead of news .Time for some piano practice for me 
conversation_939 Do you take Elvis  music seriously .I do  He has some great music and was a great entertainer .Someone is putting on his music cabaret style to showcase his music . I m sure some people will like it and others won t  Either way  it will help his songs stay alive and showcase how truly original he was .Yes   They claim that there is a rawness to his music that really hits home   Several of his songs are like that to me . The mix of the songs make it that way I think   country  gospel  blues  All different in a way but pretty cool when put together . That makes sense   I never thought of it before  but his blues songs were not pessimistic .I didn t know that he did not write many of his songs  He only took the songs and changed the arrangements to his liking . But either he or the Colonel picked some that are just right   For others it would be fatalism  but he made the Heartbreak Hotel sound like a place I would want to visit .I agree  His originality and unrestricted way of singing and performing definitely made him the best .He accused someone of being nothing but a Hound Dog   Did you know dogs have    different blood types and can donate blood at blood drives . Uh  I did not know that  For real  I mean I know they are man s best friend but    . Some people will spend on their pets   Dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing   If an elephant every charges you  point in another direction . I didn t realize they were super intelligent  They can learn over       words and reason better than chimpanzees  Crazy  right . That s a lot of words   I have seen smart dogs  but not one that had been that trained   Google prefers dogs to cats and states in their code of conduct that they are a dog company.That s cool  Cats are so temperamental  Did you know dogs drink with the underside of their tongues .No   I did not know that   I once read that cattle do not bit grass but wrap their tongue around it and pull on it   Dogs also cannot see as many colors as humans do .I am glad dogs and humans associate well together  Dogs are very helpful to us in so many ways and to so many types of people  I really appreciate their care for the disabled .That. Also  how they help law enforcement specifically and are even given titles just like human officers . I hit the wrong key last time   Sorry   I was going to say That s why they are called  Man s best friend   Thanks for carrying on .I figured that  Maybe I should get a dog  Nice chatting .I have had a couple and really enjoyed them   Likewise 
conversation_940 Hi do you have an interest in planets . Hello  I love space and planets  Did you know that a moon of JUpiter s could be a planet if it rotated around the sun .Nice that is awesome  I believe that is it s moon Ganymede .Yes that is it  ANd Venus does not even tilt like others.Yeah and that is the reason why there are no seasons there.Yeah and it is also the only planet that rotates clock wise .Yeah all sorts of cool with Venus  There is another planet where it precipitates shards of glass.Yeah heard about that and it does so at      mph in      degree Fahrenheit  Scary.That is super scary indeed  Astronomers have found building blocks in another planet. Yeah but that is really far away  like     light years away  Interesting though.Yeah that is  Uranus also rotates sideways and does not spin like the others.So awesome  DO you know much about the government .I know some stuff  DO you know what wikileaks is .Yeah that is the website that reveals secrets of the government.Yeah and they once published documents showing how the government is trying to destroy them.Yeah  Did you know the government owns     of the land in Nevada . That is a lot and I wonder what they do with all that land  most of it is just a desert anyways.True  A man in France once managed to sell the eiffer tower twice.Yeah he must have been really good at impersonating state officials.Yeah indeed  THe Norwegian government donated    billion to save e the Amazon.I hope that helps somehow because it is heading for a great destruction at this rate
conversation_941  It s interesting how sometimes Americans joke about moving to Canada due to our politics  yet sometimes Canada s politics make just as much sense as ours. Canada has many politics  but probably not as many as the US  The US has too many politics  What is climate change anyhow . Climate change is the more updated term for what used to be called  global warming   Canada is starting to put policies into place that they believe will help with the said issue  but most aren t sure why  it seems. I guess it s tricky  I would like to see some progress  but people seem reluctant to change  Plus  will it raise taxes . It raises tax on anything that produces carbon  in most cases  Which includes gas  of course. In      the Soviet Union successfully sent a spacecraft to Venus  and captured the first images from the surface of another planet  Did the colonists survive  Is there a secret base on Venus  Do they have to worry about climate change there  Maybe we should communicate with them about carbon taxes  . I m not sure  because Venus doesn t experience seasons due to the lack of tilt in the axis  It also rotates clockwise  which might affect some things  I think seasons are what make people paranoid about climate change. Maybe we should outlaw seasons  Canadia has a prime minister  right  Could we talk to the PM . I think so  It s a strange setup  Seasons aren t something that can be outlawed  but rather something that occurs naturally  I can t imagine what it would be like living on Uranus  It actually rotates sideways and looks like it s spinning compared to other planets. I just found out that the Canadian PM serves at her majesty s pleasure  so the post does not have a fixed term  In a survey      thought the prime minister was directly elected by Canadians  I wonder if the Queen has ever ejected a prime minister from the game of thrones  Can the Queen do something about seasons and climate change  She might be busy though . It is a strange position  indeed  The Queen is old enough to know whether our current weather is actually a problem that needs to be addressed or rather a natural cycle  right  I wonder if the same applies to the PM of Australia  Technically  the position isn t even in their constitution  but they were owned by England. I dream of moving to Uranus to get away from these sorts of politics here  But the Internet connection is probably slow  Plus climate change would follow me there  I suppose   Does Australia have climate  Do they have Internet . Everywhere has a climate of some sort  but some are milder than others  And of course Australia has the internet  If you move to Japan instead  you ll get a silver cup from the PM there if you make to    . Is there a connection between climate change and Internet  The Chinese government has censored the word  censorship   Could they censor  Climate change  well and be done with that  Could the Japanese invent a clever device to make climate change less expensive or faster . None of these governments can actually control the weather  Well  they do try  Like how the Norwegian government donated money to help save the rainforest in the Amazon  But that s less climate change and more man using natural resources. The Norwegians probably bought a bunch of snow and shipped it down to the rainforest to cool things off  Thoughtful  but ultimately futile  . They don t have to buy snow  They could just ship the snow they already get  I wonder if it s actually possible to buy the Eiffel Tower  There was a man who managed to sell it twice by impersonating a government official  but it may not even be a good investment.The Eiffel Tower is romantic but does not have enough parking  Did you know that Andrew Bonar Law is the only person from outside the UK to ever become the prime minister of the UK  Why did his parents saddle him with such an awkward middle name . Maybe it s French  Of course the British wouldn t make it a requirement to be born there  unlike Americans  You can t be President unless you were born on US soil.What if you were born on the moon  That would be unfair  What if the moon were right over the US at the moment of your birth . What if you were born on Jupiter s moon Ganymede  It s not technically a planet  but it s big enough to be if it decides to orbit around the sun instead  Oh  the things we may never know
conversation_942 hi how are you over there .I am enjoying my location on planet earth  You . my location is pretty good  happy to still be on this planet  its a good planet  i think . As far as astronomical bodies is concerned  it is a good one  Not like the ones that are too small to allow their own gravity to round them out . cubic planets look cool but they really are not fun to live on  plus they dont hold their value in the real estate market  What is up with uranus though  Uranus actually rotates sideways and  rolls  around the sun rather than spinning like the other planets .Don t you get embarrassed when someone talks about Uranus  I do  Some consider planets as divine emissaries of the deities  Pretty cool .i would think that uranus is the source of many things  i do not see divine emissaries emerging from it though . The planet Venus doesn t tilt  What s up with that   I say  come on Venus  live a little .venus already suffers a terrible reputation  better to stay on the straight and narrow  the word venerial comes from venus  living a little has gotten venus in trouble . Yeah  but even Jupiter has a moon on the side  a big one named Ganymede  and she is not even a planet .that uppity ganymede has gotten too big for its britches  there is a place for everything and ganymede has its place . Of course  some planets you do not want to cross paths with   Like that one that rains shards of glass down at about      mph in      degree heat   Now that is jealous fury .that is a planet in need of therapy  maybe an intervention  why all the noise and rage  it does not change anything but it does get you some attention . Well  insecurity can cause a lot of personality complications  Some celestial bodies are not even recognized as planets  and that can leave a chip on one s shoulder   . so many of these so called planets do not deserve the distinction  when they make their linkedin page  they bandy about the term planet pretty freely  its boastful . True  but self image is important to self esteem  Think of poor Pluto  Once considered a plant  and now completely disrespected  I think it is becuase of his her status as a trans neptunian object  Am I wrong .pluto never understood interplanetary politics  there is a whole game to play  you gotta know the right people  it is not plutos fault  so far away  its not fair . Maybe if Pluto bands together with former planets like Ceres  Pallas  Vesta and Juno  then they can find power in numbers  If they play it right  they could band together with the Kuiper belt and not even be considerd a minority anymore . in the celestial game of thrones  pluto would have to become a tyrion lannister  not an easy thing for one so small and distant  then again  pluto has money . Much care must be taken  lest a heavenly battle ensue   And in such a war  planetary mass can make all the difference . we can promise a promotion to full planetary status to ganymede  who is too stupid to know that cant possibly happen  anyway  great chat .I genuflect before thee 
conversation_943 The dog is domestic animals which is long associated with human  Which is helpful in many way to safeguard their place and cattles .Good morning   How true   Do you own a dog . Have a great day  Yes  two dogs  What about you . I have   dogs  but I live in the country  so they have lots of land to run and play .Its very interesting  The dog population is estimated around     million and keep increasingly around the world  They are help to human in many ways . Yes  they do help humans and that s alot of dogs  for sure   I hear in Istanbul they have a system for their stray dogs to get food and water in exchange for recycled plastic bottles   That s so cool . The Domestic dog are mostly carnivore  some of them are omnivore  They are used for hunting and rearing cattle . Yeah  I would agree about the omnivore part  my lab will eat almost anything   Shoes  newspapers  etc   I think she could probably even eat a can if I gave her one .Dog are not colour blind but they can see limited colour only they have colour blindness like humans .That s interesting to know  I always wondered that about my dogs   I wonder what my dogs  favorite color is now .It is very interesting  Do you play any musical instrument  . As a matter of fact  I play the guitar . Guitar is a type of chordophone  which is made up of wood string are made up nylon . I guess that is one description for a guitar  lol I ve played since I was a child and I m no Eddie Van Halen  but I m a pretty good player   Do you play . Electric guitar was introduced in       use an amplifier and speaker to produce the sound to make the audience to hear . Yeah  that s what Eddie Van Halen was playing when he set the speakers on fire when recording his solo for Michael Jackson s song   Beat it  . Pink floyd guitarist turned a  grand houseboat  on the river thames .That s nice   Do you play piano . No  I see it in musical shop only  Do you have it . No  I never learned to play piano   But  I would like to learn . In       Digital piano was introduced . Cool  I don t think I have ever heard of that type of piano  before  Did you know the Hindenburg had an aluminum piano .Somewhat  Digital piano don t have any strings or hammer  They use digital sampling technology through which the sound is produced it is very accurate .How interesting   Well it s been nice chatting with you   I hope you enjoy the rest of your day 
conversation_944 Hi  Do you like animals  I especially like dogs because they can donate blood at dog blood drives  I haven t tried yet though . I just learned that  They have    different blood types  which I think is more than humans  but I m not sure . That is definitely more than humans  They can also perform many roles for humans such as hunting  herding  protection  but I mainly have dogs for cuddling . I had always thought that dogs were completely color blind  but apparently they can see color  just not as many colors as humans can  Wish I had a dog to cuddle   . Do you have other pets  I didn t know they can see color  My dog certainly acts like he can t distinguish colors but like elephants  he can understand pointing . I have a cat  She is such a good climber    I know Google doesn t prefer her  but I definitely do . Cats are really cute too  Google definitely is a dog company  they even have it in their code of conduct  That s kind of lame  does that mean people can t bring cats to work . I read it and I think it means they don t have a position on the subject  Like  they started by professing their love for dogs over cats but then said people should be mindful when choosing to bring dogs to work  So no rules about cats      . Oh ok  I would totally love to work for Google some day  the environment and culture seems so fun and hip  They even offer music rooms filled with guitars and drums  Probably to vent out some frustrations and stresses. If you want to vent frustration  just become a musician and get away with destroying guitars on tour    Matthew Bellamy from Muse has the world record for most guitars smashed on tour  so you ve got a lot to live up to . Good point  Now I wonder if he was stressed  trying to set a record  or look cool  I think if I were to smash guitars  it would probably be for the latter and then after knowing someone beat my record  I would smash more guitars to vent out my frustrations . I d rather smash office printers and things that frustrate me by malfunctioning  If I were a touring musician  I d be more like   Brian May  I d use coins as guitar pics  have amazing hair  and just be chill lol. If I could get away with it  I d definitely smash some of those too haha  Coins as guitar picks  now that s different  Those must be the successful musicians  well at least Pink Floyd turned a grand houseboat on the river into a floating recording studio called the astoria that s when you know you ve made it . Yep  Queen is very successful  and my favorite band   The weird thing is their first huge hit was Bohemian Rhapsody which is when they  made it   But even when just recording it  they got to use the same piano as was used for Hey Jude  It was like foreshadowing . Did you see Bohemian Rhapsody then  Oh wow  yeah that s pretty cool  Wonder how much pianos weigh on average  because an aluminum grand piano weighed only     pounds for the lounge of the airship HIndenburg . Must ve been the same one that someone hauled to the top of a mountain in the UK somehow  Yep  I saw the movie  It was as good as any biopic .Rami Malek really did a great job of impersonating Freddie Mercury  Wonder if they played the song composed solely for stress testing auto pianos while on set since I don t think the actor plays the piano . He did a great job  but they over did his faux overbite  And yeah  he had never played piano before when he auditioned . Oh yeah  that was a bit annoying  Do you play any instruments  I would love to learn how to play the guitar or piano  probably the guitar because it s portable and I can show off my skills. I used to know how to play the flute when I was     but didn t stick with it    I actually have always wanted to learn the piano. I learned the flute as part of band in high school but was never good at it  I think I still have it in my attic somewhere  probably needs a deep clean  Me too  The piano sounds so melodic  the BBC even broadcasted piano when there was no news worth reporting. That s a broadcast I would listen to  As the Talking Heads once said   When I have nothing to say  my lips are sealed  Say something once  why say it again  .That s a great quote  I think broadcasting music is better than  gap fillers  like some news stations do with nonsense news . Did you know there s a song that s composed entirely of silence  It s called       it s four minutes and    seconds of silence  and is meant to highlight how important silence is to music  like negative space is to art
conversation_945  hi  do you use the computer much . I always use my computer  maybe too much  .yeah me too i think  the space shuttle uses one that runs on one mb of ram. In the   s    mb ram was really big  It would be the equivalent of    Gb of ram today  .yeah  did you know russians make a computer that runs on water. It is probably to cool them  they always produced a lot of heat even in the times of Ada Lovelace  the first programmer  .yeah that is true  did you know transhumans are trying to upload their minds to the commuter . I would not surprised that it is a Google project  it is so big now  . yeah  we will have to wait and see I guess  do you have an apple or a PC . I have a PC  and you   .I have an apple  Good thing I do not smoke otherwise I can void its warranty.Why would it void the warranty   Computers don t have lungs .I am assuming it is because it is a fire hazard. Are you sure   Computers don t burn easily   they are made to be hot because they consume so much power  Google uses        of all worldwide electricity  .yeah that is amazing  a single google search also requires more computing power than sending armstrong ad other astronauts to the moon. They had weak computers at the time  but google has a good sense of humor about the moon  in the early versions of Google Moon   pictures of cheese were used when you zoomed at the maximum  .haha that is funny  do you know how they calculate traffic . No idea  they go outside and check for cars   .actually they track android devices and see how fast they are moving. That is smart  but it is expected for a company founded by PhD  students  .true  nice chat
conversation_946 Do you like baseball .I love baseball   I also like baseball cards   Do you . Not as much as when I was young  I like to play though . If I recall   the Honus Wagner baseball card is the most valuable ever   But once a man found    million worth of     s cards in his grandfather s attic .I have some from the    s and   s that my fathers store did not sell   Many in mint . Wow  you might be rich without even knowing it  .I should check huh   Did you know managers can technically play . I did hear that   Interesting  I wonder if baseball rules are the same in Japan  where it s an incredibly popular sport  .They should have a game with US managers vs Japanese managers then haha   Wonder why they  run counter clockwise . Haha   YOu know how  when a baseball player plays particularly well  he tips his hat to the crowd  That originated from knights in the olden days  raising their face visors to show friendliness . I have seen that   cool   Canada is confusing  they call Kickball  soccer baseball . I know  Speaking of hats  did you know that in the old west  the most popular hat was a bowler  not a cowboy hat    I can t picture Billy the Kid in a bowler .I did not know that    Im sure if the person was riding a horse they would get more weather protection from a cowboy hat . I would think so also  I know hats can be decoratvie and fashion statements  but they seem most useful as protection   But there are lots of reasons why people wear hats .Some are signs of rank in military or police.True or for religious purposes like turbans the Sikhs wear .I wear a hard hat sometimes   our engineers have a variety of decorations on them lol . LOL I wore one when I graduated college  It wasn t a dunce cap  either  LOL. Is that a real thing  a dunce cap  Must be a real fool to be made to wear one.Apparently it is  I ve only seen them in cartoons . Haha  I will have to google   Nice talking to you   Have a good one .Nice to talk with .  
conversation_947  hey there  are you a fan of technology .I do   I love technology   I would love to work for google .That would me amazing  YOu can maybe even play with the goats they hire to graze the grass.I am not so sure about being referred to as a noogler and wearing a beanie cap .Hahaha  Apparently a single google search uses more computing power than sending Armstrong and    others to the moon.That is absolutely crazy   I guess that is why google s data center uses about      of all total worldwide electricity.It would explain a lot  It once went down for about   minutes  Imagine if that was longer .I love the fact that g mail used to be a free email server on Garfield s website. Oh that is funny  Interesting thing about the borders and google maps too  adjusting them to what each country says.I did not know that   Computers are amazing things and it is crazy to think about how much they have evolved since the   s .Yeah  the computer in charge of the space shuttle has a ram of only  mb.Right  and now everything from a microwave oven to a remote control has a computer in it .exactly  someone even built a    bit computer using only minecraft building blocks.And the first computer algorithm was written by a woman named Ada Lovelace    She had a programming language named after her.It is said we do not know more about these people who built the foundations of important things.Absolutely  I love the fact that the first google computer at Stanford had enclosures made of Legos .We have come so far from those days  Do you have much interest in the galaxy .I do find stars interesting   It is fascinating to consider stuff from outer space.Venus is the only planet that does not tilt to it is stuck with only one season all the time.Wow that is interesting   I knew the Soviet Union sent a spacecraft to Venus in     .So much cool stuff  It was nice chatting with you 
conversation_948 Are you a fan of baseball by any chance .Yes I watch baseball from time to time  It s interesting how both teams take turns batting and Fielding.It is  Do you happen to know why baseball managers wear uniforms . Yes I do  I think it s because they can actually play in the game if necessary right  Did you know that a seventeen year old actually struck out Babe Ruth  I wonder what became of her.Yes it is  I did not know that  That s very impressive . There is a rule in baseball I d never heard about though  have you heard about what happens if a player catches a baseball in their hat .I have not  What happens . Yes if you catch the ball in your hat then you will get three bases actually  that s actually really good they should try that more often in games.I had no idea  Did you also know that baseball in insanely popular in Japan . I did know that I think that the stadiums are a lot more fun in Japan as well  what do you think about the Chicago Cubs by the way  They actually won the first World Series back to back.It s so popular that they are shocked that it s America s past time  They had a very long lull after that until recently . Yeah that makes sense  Did you hear about the fact that the MLB will typically use about         baseball s a year.I did not  I knew it had to be a lot but I would not have guessed that high  Do you know the alternate name for kickball in Canada .Isn t it called soccer baseball LOL that s a really dumb name  on a different note though do you ever watch the news.It is  I do watch the news sometimes but I get more of my news from newspaper apps .Yeah I mostly get my news online too  But it is funny to me that the Simpsons was making fun of Fox News so then they were going to sue them LOL.Wow  That s ridiculous  They would never be successful with parody laws anyway . No I don t think so  But what is also interesting is that Fox News tried to make a conservative Daily Show television show  but it was cancelled after only    episodes.They certainly are not known for their comedy so I am not surprised  Did you know that it was created by Republican media strategist Richard Ailes and Richard Nixon  . No I didn t know that  Did you also know that the median age of viewers for Fox News is     that is pretty old.I m not surprised by that either  Especially when I see who is posting things they would do on Facebook 
conversation_949 Do you use google or bing . i use google most of the time and very rarely use bing   Do you use them   Hey  did you know google was founded back in      . Google sure has come a long way as a company that specializes in internet related services and products  they even dabble in self driving cars now.They really have   I heard they use android devices for the google maps to calculate traffic  They track how fast phones are moving   This really surprised me for some reason  I guess I just thought they had a satellite in orbit watching roads lol .I mean google often goes the extra mile  A single google search uses more computing that it did to send men to the moon .I m going to think about that every time I google a recipe   So many people use google nowadays   It went down once and took down     of web traffic with it .They also tailor google maps to the claims of the respective country  Way to go the extra mile.How do they do that .They do it based on where the internet browser is located and knowing the country s border claims. Really   That is going the extra mile   Speaking of going the extra mile  I do know that Google used goats to mow their lawns in order to help the planet .I bet that doubles down to fertilize the grass too lol.I bet it does too   I like pro environment activity   I am really not a big fan of apple but they do consider smoking near their products a biozard and make it void the warranty . True  In any case  what kinds of things do you search on google .Oh recipe ideas and gardening ideas  i also search about space   i found out that Jupiter has a moon that is large enough to be a planet   What do you search .Do you enjoy looking up information about planets  Did you know Uranus rolls around the sun rather than spinning like other planets .I do and I do know that   It s crazy and funny when you think about how it must look   Uranus has more character than Venus   It doesn t tilt so it doesn t have any seasons .Well that doesn t sound as bad as the planet that has shards of glass precipitating sideways at      mph.True   You know I feel sorry for Pluto   I still think of it as a planet even though scientists changed their minds and said it s not .Well even the definition of planets is subjective so perhaps pluto maybe a planet once more .It does seem odd the way planets are chosen  They are chosen based on where and what they orbit . True  In any case  thank you for the enjoyable and informative chat  I hope pluto become a planet again since I miss making a solar system without that small ping pong ball.I hope it does too as well as Ceres and Pallas  They too were once planets and now not 
conversation_950 Do you like baseball .Hello   I love baseball .Did you know that baseball is so popular in japan that many fans are surprised to discover its status as america s national past time .Interesting   A man once found   million dollars worth of baseball cards in his grandfathers attic   Talk about hitting a gold mine .I can not imagine what that must have felt like  I wonder if he sold them all or kept them .He probably sold them   How could someone pass up getting that much money   Up until      a married couple scheduled all      MLB games played each year for    years   That s a long haul .I can imagine scheduling that  I wonder how much they were paid . If they did it for    years  I m guessing they made enough to make it worthwhile   Although I knew someone who was a big baseball fan and they took a part time job working at a concessions stand at the Cleveland Indians stadium just so they could be around the vibe of the ball park .I love it  Baseball games have such good and happy vibes for all ages .Yes  I ve been a fan my whole life and played as long as could up through college   Do you know why baseball managers wear uniforms .I learned that they can actually play in the game .Yes   That would be interesting to see wouldn t it . I always thought they looked silly dressed like that .lol  Do you watch Fox news by any chance .Not really but i know its watched more than cnn and msnbc combined.I know Richard Nixon played a role in creating Fox news   I didn t even know it existed back then .I wonder if that was before he was president . I m not sure   The gaming website IGN is owned by News Corp   who also owns Fox news   I ve never used that site for games .I hope you have a good day .One more quick question   Do you know what the most popular hat was in the old west .no what is it 
conversation_951 Do you have a Facebook account .I do have an account but I do not use it too much anymore  How about you . I have an account as well and use it ever week  so a bit more frequently  Facebook is now worth      billion.I wonder if there will be any major changes after all of the privacy and data usage issues came to light .I have no idea about that what I can tell you is that Facebook is blue because the creater suffers from color blindness. That s interesting  I never would have guessed that just based on the color scheme . It is interesting and I know right  I thought it was blue because it was an strategy or a psychological thing to lure subscribers  turns out the answer is a lot more simpler.Yes I always seem to dig into deeper meaning that the real answer .Did you hear about that promotion Burger King had  the one involving the free whopper and Facebook.Yes I remember that coming up  I seriously considered unfriending people but there isn t a Burger King close by me . Thats too bad I unfriended some and ate my free whoppers  easier meal ive ever gotten  Facebook has such an impact  even on other countires. I ve never talked to anyone who got the free whoppers  I applaud your decision  I think it was a great marketing campaign since people still talk about it . I think it was as well  Iceland is rewritting their constitution via Facebook  maybe Burger King can stop that by bringing their free whoppers promotion over there. I wonder if they even have a Burger King  I m sure they do but it s not a very large country and I feel like they are pretty health conscious from my research into traveling there . You traveled to Iceland  it must be a really nice country and yeah Burger King isnt a healthy choice so maybe they dont have one  they sure have Facebook accounts and place a lot of value on them. I have not made it there yet but I have been exploring it  I recently booked a trip to Paris  Amsterdam  and London .You must love to travel then .I have begun to really make it a priority  There are so many places I want to visit . I love to travel as well  the world is a big place with a lot of places to visit but changing the subject  theres a funny fact about Elmo  do you  want to know what it is . No I do not  what is it . Well he is the only non human to ever testify before the US congress  I think thats really funny  how can that be
conversation_952 Are you a facebook user . I am  Are you . Yep  I have decreased my use as of late  but still using it  Have you heard of burger kings former promotion . No  I had no idea  but I m sure I could ve taken advantage of that  I still use it almost daily  but have already decreased my friend list for privacy reasons . Right  I don t like what they are doing for privacy  I wish i could delete     friends to get    whoppers . I ve got myself down to    friends  and still sometimes feel like that s too much  Did you know about Iceland using Facebook to rewrite their constitution . Nice I think I am just at      I have a big family  Do you know facebook is blue because zuckerberg is color blind. No  I didn t know that   but can totally understand why he did it that way  Also I had no idea the  like  button is illegal in Schleswig Holstein in Germany  I m just glad they have other reactions now besides  like   . That needs to be liked lol  I feel that is illegal in general  what do you think  . Having a like button  I don t know about illegal in general  but it certainly makes for a situation where only folks who agree with you tend to make their voice heard  My friends list is extremely divided between liberal and conservative friends  and they don t tend to talk to each other because of how polarized the discussions are  Do your friends tend to have heated discussions on facebook or stay quiet . I have some friends that say a lot on facebook and some that argue  I sit behind my computer and what the awkwardness unfold and stay quiet  you . Lol  I m so quiet that I tend to never post or even react to anyone s comments  but I guess I still want to have a Facebook and see what people have to say  I have a particular friend who always shares news articles  so it s like the only way I get the news anymore . Right  I like facebook for the news and seeing my family members grow up and such  Did you know myspace could have bought it in     . I bet they re kicking themselves for letting that deal go by  huh  Is Myspace even still in existence . I doubt it lol  last I heard Justin Timberlake part owned it lol . I agree  I m actually surprised to learn that Facebook has     billion active users  I just thought that with   billion people in the world  more would be on Facebook  I wonder if the other people use something different in their part of the world  I m not sure what to do when my kids get old enough for Facebook   I feel like    is too young to be responsible with an account  What do you thinK .    is too young I think  but it is hard to say no  I wonder out of the     billion users  how many people have multiple accounts  cat fish accounts  or business accounts . Oh man  I didn t even consider that  I went off Facebook for   months a couple years ago when I realized that of all my friends  none of them lived within a half hour s drive of me  Do you find that Facebook takes the place of real life  face to face friendships . It totally does  that is a good idea  I quit once for like   weeks and I needed my fix after that two weeks  quite sad  It was so nice chatting with you  have a great day and weekend .You too  Thanks for the chat .Bye 
conversation_953  Do you follow tennis much  or have a interest in the game . Hello there  I don t follow too much but think it is a very exciting sport   How about you . I have a passing knowledge and know some of the big names like Nadal  Federer and Murray . Yeah those are some of the current greats  I heard Nadal injured his knee recently as well  . He is always hurting himself  I believe it is the way he plays  he runs so much more than some of the other players . Yeah and at the age of    and still competing for titles  I say he has had a good career  . He still does very well  he is the current French Open champion  he hardly ever loses when he plays on clay courts . That is very impressive  I think if you are still playing pro sports past your    s you are doing pretty good  . He has always relied on his mobility as a player  he s not such a great player of the ball like Federer  but he will keep chasing it . That is true   Speaking of tennis  did you know that until      a player was allowed to use any object as a racket . If that were still true I might try to find something very big and light to use   I think tennis is interesting as it is played on different surfaces  hard  grass and clay  and each has it s own style . That is very interesting  and I m sure players have their own personal preferences for each  . They do  Nadal rarely loses on clay  Federer rarely loses on grass   The ball moves slower on clay and you can run after it more . Very interesting  I would like to try to play on a clay court one day and then a grass one  see the difference for myself  . I ve played a bit on concrete at the local park  but only for fun with the kids  My kids typically like electronic entertainment .Oh yeah and especially kids these days i m afraid are more and more electronic only entertainment . My son loves his game console  an Xbox   They are so much better then the old Nintendo s .Oh yeah but those old nintendos with the    colors were tons of hours of fun . It probably doesn t really matter how many colors you have  I was happy with Pong at the time and that had just   . Right  it s all about the gameplay and that type of thing  but I think kids would notice the lack of colors today  . I m shocked that the Nintendo was discontinued as long ago as       doesn t seem that long ago that it was the in thing   Good talking to you . Yeah and it was one heck of a run   Nice talking to you as well  have a good day  
conversation_954  Hi  how are you . I m doing well  you . Very well  thanks  Did you know The Nintendo entertainment system could display only    colors .I think it was called Nintendo    at one point  That must be why  It was discontinued in Japan in      . really  Nice   Bill nye  the science guy  got his break in entertainment by winning a steve martin lookalike contest . He does look like him  Ronald Reagan got rejected for a movie because they didn t think he had a  presidential look . The arrow through the head gave it away    Polo shirts were originally invented for tennis by famous player rene  the crocodile  lacoste and only later adopted by polo players. That s pretty cool  Speaking of tennis  only one man has ever won the US Open  That was in      .I did not know that  Im going to have to look into that  They used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the      us open.That was a great idea  The longest tennis match lasted    hours . I would need a nap  Us open quarterfinalist gael monfils beat the  roger federer of paddle tennis  after learning how to play just days earlier.Wow  Roger federer has been gifted two cows over his career for winning the      wimbledon and the      swiss open .What the hell do you do with a cow .Seriously  I wonder who gave them to him  Super weird . Us open quarterfinalist gael monfils beat the  roger federer of paddle tennis  after learning how to play just days earlier.Roger federer is the first living person in switzerland to be honored with an official stamp . I would love a stamp with me on it  In       roger federer suffered the biggest injury of his career when he stretched too far while drawing a bath for his daughters and tore a meniscus .Haha  Figures  He has won    Grand Slam singles titles .That s a lot  Only    more than me   .Ain t that the truth  He was in the top ten from           and then again in      .Nice chatting with you 
conversation_955  Hi  ya  I guess a knee injury forced Rafael Nadal out of the U S  Open semi finals  .Yeah   that is really sad   He is such a talented player . Right  I know  Del Port said that its not the best way to win a match and that would have loved to play against Rafa because hes the biggest fighter in the sport . It is never great having something handed to you at that level   It is more fun to earn it  so I see his point. Yep  I agree  I guess he typically doesn t like his knee taped up and his coach retaped it a few times and each time he tore it off  So eventually he had a limp and his speed was being effected and his knee was declining .At least he believes he knows what is going on with it so he can rehab it faster.That is true and a good point  I guess he has suffered with tinnitus  for a while now and he s    years old .It was projected that he would have a short career too . Oh really  I didn t know that  He has proven people wrong with his work ethic and raw talent  Do you like any other types of entertainment .I love old school video games   You . Yeah  I loved playing Nintendo  The system was discontinued in      .It is sad   That was classic  Even though there were only    colors that was the best . Yeah  things have come so far now  It s almost unrecognizable  Entertainment has evolved and can be adapted to suit any scale now . It really has   Did you know someone once told Reagan he didnt look  presidential enough . What  No way  That is crazy  lol  Not presidential enough I wonder who made that call  It was a bad one . Yeah  they certainly didnt know what they were talking about   .I was recently watching an old match with Roger Federer  He was an amazing tennis player  He was born in      and was a Swiss professional player who ranked  rd in the world .He along with Nadal and Djokovic account for     of Grand Slam titles. Man  that is something else  Wow  wait talent  It was in      that Federer suffered the biggest injury to date and of his career  He stretched too far while drawing a bath for his child and tore his meniscus .That is kind of crazy for an athlete .Ya just never know when you may step wrong  Its very shocking though  I think its neat that they used to use a helicopter to dry the grass at the US Open tennis match .I heard about that    kind of nuts   Anyway Good chat 
conversation_956  Hi how are you doing   Did you know When caesar visited britain  around   bc  he noted that its people bred chickens not for food  but for entertainment. No  I can believe it  though  Chickens can be entertaining  I prefer watching Wimbledon  though . Polo shirts were originally invented for tennis by famous player rene  the crocodile  lacoste and only later adopted by polo players. I m a big tennis fan  Which player do you like more  Federer or Nadal .I like Andy Samberg in   days of Hell . I never saw that movie  I like the tennis player  Andy Murray  too  .You should watch it   I dont keep up with tennis at all  But I read They used a helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts for the      us open. Yes  that s pretty interesting  There were some great players back then and now  Federer has    singles Grand Slam finals  That s a lot  .Thats amazing   Tennis games can be way too long though  The longest match in tennis history went on for    hours and was spread over   days . And  I think a four or five hour match is long  I can t believe Federer s worst injury came from giving his kids a bath  That sounds like something I would do  .haha right   This is interesting Roger federer has been gifted two cows over his career for winning the      wimbledon and the      swiss open.That is so funny  He also is the only living person in Switzerland to have his face on a postage stamp  Not sure if having your face licked is a big honor or not .I would say thats a huge honor   Even in America . I would agree  Federer and Nadal play lawn tennis as opposed to  real tennis  which I guess is still played all over the world . Us open quarterfinalist gael monfils beat the  roger federer of paddle tennis  after learning how to play just days earlier. That s insane  I have played pickleball before  which I guess is very similar to paddle tennis  I don t think I could be world champion in just a few days .I cant be a world champion in anything in a few days   thats insane . I could be in taking naps  Nadal is only     and he already has international tennis titles  . wow   thats crazy   Over achiever .I guess so  He had to an end a match at the US Open because he had a knee injury  Tennis can be hard on the knees . Absolutely   It was great talking to you   have a good one  
conversation_957 I never have seen a baseball manager take the field and play a position . I have never seen one either but it seems like its totally legal  ive always wondered why they wore the jersey as well . Yes  most other games the coach is not dressed to play   There seems to be something universal about hitting a ball with a bat . I see  did you know baseball is also popular in Japan . Yes  It is big there   Seems odd that man Japanese fans do not know that baseball is called Americas past time  Japan is full of surprises  . It sure is full with suprises I agree with you there  you know a man found like a million dollars worth of baseball cards . Thats a good surprise   Who could have predicted that some cards would become valuable   I played kickball in school  should I make a card and see if it becomes valuable . Probably not a good idea but who know it might be worth millions in a future lol  a married couple scheduled all games untill      . That makes me wonder why they stopped   I know that there are      games of MLB played each year   I am surprised  thats a lot . It is a lot  I would have thought there were a lot fewer games  do you like comedy .Comedy movies   I like that very much   Though the term bromantic is not one I would use   Harold and Kumar is a weedy film  Ha . I liked that film  so funny  and do you know the comedian Ryan Stiles . I do know Ryan   He is on Whos line is it anyway  and in the old Drew Cary show   Did he do the right thing to drop high school and pursue a career . Apparently it worked out for him but I think it was the wrong choice  he is sucessful but school is important still .I have never seen Kung Fu Hustle   Bill Murry likes it   Do you have an opinion . I havent seen it but I heard its pretty funny  Do you know who Demetri Martin is .No idea who Demetri is    rd rock from the sun beat Seinfeld and friends for a golden globe   That is a surprise to me . Ok so Demitri is a comedian  he was accepted into Harvard and left because for him it was boring . The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades   I would think  that leaving Harvard was a hard decision to make . I know but apparently it turned out to be a good decision  I know thats not the decision I would take lol.early silent films are nice in a way   So simple so funny   humor does not have to be words 
conversation_958  Hello  are you a music fan  I am  I adore Linkin Park  and attended one of the      concerts .I am  Did you enjoy their concert . I did   unlike the Creed concert that resulted in a lawsuit the following year    I was saddened when Chester Bennington took his own life  .I have been to Croatia before but regret not going to see the ancient amphitheater there. I ve never been to Croatia  However I ve been to Pompeii  Unfortunately  not the day Pink Floyd recorded there .Have you seen Pink floyd in concert . I have not  Only tribute bands  I prefer movies  and saw The Silence of the Lambs on Valentines Day when it came out in      . Silence of the Lambs is my all time favorite movie  then Saw . I didn t care for Saw  I like Disney   but hated Treasure Planet  I wasn t the only one  since it was a huge flop .Box Office ticket prices are ridiculous these days.They sure are  Movies are so expensive to make  Tom Hanks has a draw of over     Billion  That s insane .I though you might have been watching the movie Silence of the Lambs there for a second   lol. No  I wish  lol  It grossed     million when it came out  Not bad for an old movie . As popular as it seems  Disney considered Sleeping beauty a flop according to sales numbers . Imagine how the animation industry would be like today  had they have taken that route Yet  Sleeping Beauty is one of the all time classics now.Did you ever watch Trojan Wars  I thought it was a horrible movie and it flopped in the box office . No  I haven t  They had a huge budget too .I think the movie only made a couple of hundred of dollars in ticket sales. I think so  That s awful  I thought Chappie was a terrible movie  and it did horribly in ticket sales too .I wish they would do another remake of Silence of the Lambs  Red Dragon did not do it justice and missed the mark in my opinion at the box office.I agree  It s hard to improve on the original though .I am going to go play my piano now  Thanks 
conversation_959 Five new comic books does not sound like a lot   I wonder what he will be paid .That doesn t sound like a ton but it seems like there are a lot of new characters so maybe it will be a really cool read . Oh  I see  he wanted the experience of Bruce Wayne   No plan for author Bryan Hill to buy the F      New characters .Yeah it looks like he added Black Lightning and Orphan  I think that Signal and Batgirl make an appearance too  Maybe it will be a fun short run of these characters together .What does Signal do   What is the super power .I m not sure  I think Signal is from the suicide squad which seems like an odd team up for Batman  But i guess he is kind of an anti hero in a sense . It would seem that Hill is also trying to make political statements with comics   Cant we just have some Bam POW   SOCKOW fun .That is the classic Batman that I knew growing up  I will always sort of think of Adam West as Batman  He is iconic .Yes Adam West on the TV show   It was funny to hear his voice on the Simpsons   Batman first appeared in DC comics in      .He actually has the logo of batman etched on one of his molars  Talk about dedication to the character .I wonder if Adam West knows anyone named Alfred   It would be a fun joke for all of five minutes I guess .That would be pretty hilarious  Stick them all in New Jersey where Gotham City is supposedly located in the fictional universe and it could make for some hilarious jokes .Think of the Christmas card the two could make  Alfred and I would like to wish you a happy whatever   I wonder why the batman and the joker never refer to each other by name .Hmm that is very strange  I know in some comics they were friends before they became enemies  Maybe that is why . What are you doing here batsy   Do cute nick names count   Must be a comics only kind of thing  not the TV show or movies .Must be  I wonder which Batman comic had the condiment king  I don t remember him as a villian  I can t imagine it was a very good battle though . I do not know   police commissioner Gordon might have been taken prisoner by a hot dog covered in ketchup   What is more important  super powers or super tech .I m hoping super tech because honestly if they made a super villian by dunking him in some radioactive ketchup or something that issue deserved to flop and never be known by most of the public . The base for almost all the super heroes today came from the      s  To bad we dont have a modern hero   Able to create power points with the click of a mouse   Surfs web pages like they were water  its office worker dude .That would be really cool  Too bad Stan Lee passed  I could totally see him creating something like that .Your radioactive ketchup might play a role in neutralizing the smell from the guy that microwaves fish in the office kitchen .There could be a whole thing of office themed comics  It would be fun if they broke the fourth wall like they do in the show the office  That could lead to some really funny situations .There is a insurance commercial where people use office binders like armor   They are gladiators   It could be fun   The manager would end phone calls with excelsior .Just like Stan Lee did  Well it has been nice chatting with you  Have a great day 
conversation_960 Good morning  How are you . I m doing well  how are you today .Doing great  So are you a fan of the dark knight  I love Batman myself .I really liked those movies even though I am not the biggest Batman fan . I guess its an acquired taste  I dont know  but adam west sure enjoyed his time as batman  He actually has a bat symbol on one of his molars . That s pretty interesting  that s dedication to one of his roles  Did you read the Batman comics growing up .No I didnt really read comics when I was a kid   I dont even think I ever owned a comic book  Lol.I read a lot of Marvel comic books but not a lot of DC comic books  That s why I am not the biggest Batman fan .Batman was created by bob kane and bill finger all the way back in      That is pretty amazing that it is still popular today .I think once you come up with a great story it will last a long time  Look at how many classic stories are still being remade into movies today .I dont think the condiment king will be one that lasts  Lol. There have been some real crazy Batman villains  did you see the Lego Batman movie .I havent saw that one  I saw batman in the original lego movie  Is it good though .It was very funny and it had a lot of nods to all the weird villains they made throughout the comics history such as Condiment King and Calendar Man .Ill have to check that out with my son  He will love that  I always thought gotham was supposed to represent New York  I guess it is supposed to be in New Jersey I guess . I did not know that I would have guessed New York as well .I guess batman and the joker never mention each others names in face to face confrontations  I didnt catch that whenI have watch batman . That s also interesting  I wonder who Weird Al voiced in the Batman animated film .I would say it would be joker maybe  It almost has to be one of the villains  I could see him as the joker or maybe the riddler . The Riddler would be a good role for him  I know Mark Hammill is very popular with the fans as the animated Joker .I think he would be popular with fans no matter what he was to do since star wars  Lol . I agree  It was nice talking with you  have a great day 
conversation_961 hello . Hello  do you like attending concerts .I havent really been to very many  The couple I have been to were cool though .Did you know that Linkin Park played     concerts back in      .Thats a lot for one year  the ramones toured non stop for    years .I agree  Wow that s a lot of touring over    years as well .They did      shows in all . Holy cow  In Croatia  there is an ancient Roman amphitheater that is still used today as a concert venue .Thats sounds like it would be neat to check out .I agree  Creed played a concert that was so bad back in      that four people who attended the concert file a lawsuit against the band .Thats nuts  I was never a creed fan though  It would have to be pretty bad to be sued over though .Me either  Pink Floyd once recorded a live concert at an amphitheater in Pompeii .I heard that  There was no audience at that concert either .Yep  I ve actually seen that concert on video  It was really good .thats cool  On another note  Did you know that tom hanks is the highest box office grosser. Wow  did not know that  I did see that he has earned over      billion in film earnings .That is sure a lot of moo la .Agreed  Disney once considered shutting down their animation studio after Sleepy Beauty flopped at the box office .That wasnt as big of a flop as treasure planet though .Yea that was a bad one  Almost seems impossible to believe .Iknow right  Well you have a good one 
conversation_962 Are you familiar with DC Comics  One of their artists recently died .I see that  The artist for Batman . I don t know much about comics  I know that DC created Batman a while back  and that there have been many incarnations of him .This is funny   Marvel comics spent    years convincing the us government that x men are not human .Why is that  What does it matter whether they re human or not .No idea  Maybe the gov t thought they were a threat .I think it s funny that Marvel trademarked the names super hero and super villain  What other words could they grab for themselves .brainiac from what I m reading . I bet Stan Lee would try to grab  Excelsior  .i bet he would  Michael jackson tried to buy marvel comics in the early      s so that he could play spider man in his own produced movie. Oy  That would not be so good  Now that Disney owns Marvel  I expect a dozen superhero films a year  Will they try to buy DC next . Probably not  but  Dc comics paid      in      for exclusive rights to superman .Those rights must be worth a ton now  The name DC Comics is redundant  I never knew that  I appreciate that Michigan State U has the biggest collection of comic in the world . isn t that fun  Entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience  or gives pleasure and delight . Comics hold attention  but not because they re funny  In fact  it seems most comic books are rather serious and dramatic  The word  comic  is out of date .I agree with you  Entertainment evolves and can be adapted to suit any scale .I laughed when I heard that Ronald Reagan was deemed not presidential enough for a role  I wonder what a president looks like then .He showed them  A canadian entertainment company will be excavating in the infamous atari video game landfill for a documentary. Oh  is that the one with all the cartridges they couldn t sell because they produced too many for the established user base . Yep  The nfl is recognized as an entertainment business rather than a sport  legally  like the wwe. I didn t know that  I know that wrestling isn t a sport because you can t gamble on the outcome  which is known beforehand . huh  The  e  in chuck e  cheese stands for entertainment  charles entertainment cheese . Well  it s been fun chatting .yes it has .Have a good day 
conversation_963  Hi  are you a Comic Book Fan .I like batman and superman   I heard that Breyfogle died   He was only    .That is sad  He was one of the great Batman artists of all time . I did not know that there was more than one artist related to Batman   Yes   Breyfogle was very talented . I didn t either  I just assumed that one drew them all   I sometimes get confused with who is DC and who is Marvel anyway .Me too   Breyfogle was recognized the first time when worked on Tim Burton s Batman in      . Wow  he was also one of the first to draw a Robin character  Tim Drake .I did not know that   We will miss a very good talent .We really will   Stan Lee will be missed as well .Did Stan Lee die   He wrote    DC comics .Yea.Which one is your favorite super hero   I like Batman .Mine is Deadpool   I like the comedic aspect of it .I have never heard of Deadpool   Is he a superhero   I like batman pictures that were created by Breyfogle . Yes  sort of   He is kind of like the sarcastic superhero  not quite all the way good  but not bad .Do you know who owns DC comics   Is Tim Burton one of the owners .I am not sure   I know Gotham is in New Jersey .Do you mean Gotham city   Is it actually a real city . I dont think so  according th DC canon  the Gotham City is in Jersey   I dont think it is a real place though . Apparently  it took    years for Marvel comics to convice the goverment that Xmen are not human . Wow  that is pretty intense   .It is indeed . It has been nice chatting  but I must go   Have a great day 
conversation_964 Hi are you a fan of DC comics . Good Morning    well  a bit  I m    year old now and haven t read a comic book since I was around     LOL   is Batman still around . Yes  but it hasn t been the same since Norm Breyfogle died  He was my favorite batman artist and he died at just    years of age .I ve  really never heard of Norm Breyfogle before  Did he do the graphics for Batman a long time . Yes he did  some of the best graphics  In his death he also brought attention to the fact many in the comic book industry don t have health insurance  Kinda crazy to think about  but I guess it makes sense since they are mostly freelance  Doesn t make it right though .I believe that everyone in their life should make sure they have health insurance  I mean he drew for Batman for many years   I m sure it must ve come up in conversation through all those years .The companies you work for should provide it as part of your benefit package especially a large company even if you are technically free lance  He had to start an online fundraiser to cover his medical bills . I m sure that an executive would ve mentioned it to him at least once or twice in his career  Heck  I m guessing even Bruce Wayne would ve mentioned it to someone   the dapper guy he was .Speaking of Wayne did you know Batman was originally named Bat Man . No I didn t  wonder why they changed it to just Batman  I wonder if they started off  with just Rob In   lol  Jason Todd would ve like it . Batman didn t even start in his own comic  he first appeared in Detective Comics issue number      probably didn t expect him to become such a big character and just named him last minute . I know  heck  when I first started reading comic books  I even remember Batman just being an additional plotline  Didn t even have his own comic for a little while until they fleshed out his character . That s surprising to me  given how interesting his backstory is  My favorite batman though is the TV show with Adam West . LOL    I loved Adam West as Batman  Killed his acting career  but he lived a long time relishing it  Man  that show was awesome   loved all the characters  Great Entertainment .He didn t need anymore jobs although in recent hears he has gotten a few gigs playing himself  Did you know he has the batman logo on one of his molars  That s dedication . On one of his molars    Nope never knew that  I ve seen a few Youtube interviews with him  and he never mentioned his molar as Batman  He looked and sounded like a really great guy that Adam West . Speaking of great guys  I was just recently watching the latest animated batman movie and a voice in it was so familiar  Turns out it s Weird Al  I love Weird Al .Really  I love Weird Al   another great man of entertainment  I ve got just about all of his tunes as MP s  His videos were hilarious . Yes  surprised he didn t make a batman song after working on the movie  Another thing I noticed in the movie is Batman and Joker never referred to each other by name  Turns out they never have in any Batman  . Wow    I never knew that either  I ll have to take a look next time I watch the show or movie  Well  I gotta get moving on  It was great talking to you about Norm Breyfogle  Batman  Entertainment and Comic Books    not to mention Weird Al Yankovic    you have a Great day . For sure  It s strange once you notice  Have a good day  Bye .Kapow 
conversation_965  Hi  how are you doing this fine evening . I m good  thanks  How are you . I m great  I know little about the character named Bat Man  Do you know him  the Bat Man . Yeah  sure  Have you heard of the Batman villain Condiment King . No  but he sounds delicious  What is his trademark power  .I guess he shot out ketchup  But that was also how he was defeated he slipped on his own ketchup . Generally  I am in favor of entertainment  mostly because of its fun factor  When Caesar visited Britain  around    BC  he noted that people bred chickens not for food  but for entertainment  Were the people vegans  And did chickens have more colors than the NES  . Haha  that is interesting that the Nintendo used to have only    colors  I used to think it was awesome . It was awesome  but not as awesome as a British chicken  The NES died an untimely death in      in Japan  It should have lived forever .It lasted longer than I thought though  I remember playing this game in the   s  It was a track race and you had to stomp on this pad super fast in order to win  Awesome .That could be your superpower  You could be a comic book hero . Do you read comics  There is a new one  Batman and the Signal  which is a three issue miniseries . Unfortunately  my reading is not so good  I usually enjoy the pictures though  Comics have pictures  and usually more than    colors . Haha  that is true  Have you heard of Duke Thomas  I guess that is a character they are trying to develop . I do not know Duke Thomas  Is that his title  Duke  Does he own lands .He is called the Signal  I guess he fights during the daytime.That is an unusual superpower  Is he part of a union or something .I am not sure  They hope that one day he will join the Justice League . They are definitely union  Work restrictions  overtime  mandatory dues  The  Justice  League  . Haha  right  I guess Duke is a teen superhero so he is still evolving . Yeah  not too good to have child labor in the Justice League  Comics should be held to a higher standard . Ahhh  never thought about that  Have a good one 
conversation_966  How s it going  do you like DC Comics Batman .Yeah I love Batman  The dark Knight . Yea  I wonder how much his first apperance in Detective Comics    sells for.I bet that one is worth a lot  Batman was created by bob kane and bill finge in       Amazing it is still popular today . Yea  Bruce Wayne must of been the first character with the billionaire philanthropist alter ego that is popular today.I love the villains in batman  Especially the joker . Yea the Joker is an iconic villain  the condiment king on the other hand isn t. Well when you get defeated by slipping on your own ketchup  I dont think your gonna be remembered very well  Lol . That s just awful  I wish Batman could have a better fight against the Condiment King  He can t kill him after all  because of his rule .I have seen batman throw some people from places it didnt look like they would live  Im just saying I dont know how in stone that rule is  Lol . Lol  we can only hope  Did you know Gotham city is located in New Jersey and not NY .I always thought it was based on New York for some reason  Adam west has a batman symbol on one of his molars . That is pretty odd  so is batman and joker never referring each other by name.I watch a cartoon of batman with my son a few days age  Where he goes back to ancient china  They refer to each other by name in that one . That sounds like an odd premise  I wonder if that was the Batman cartoon Weird Al Yankovich did a voiceover for.I dont think so  Did you know Stan lee end every phone conversation with excelsior . No  that s pretty cool  so is Michigan State University largest publicly available comic book collection.I would say most collectors dont want just anybody touching their comics  Lol . No I wouldn t lol  It pretty cool that marvel was able to trademark  super hero  and  super villain .Dc comics stands for Detectice Comics which is redundant  Its Detetictive comcs comics. Lol  I know  Well it was nice chatting with you 
conversation_967  Hey how are you  do you know what The Signal is by the way  I ve never heard of it .Hey there  Yeah its a new Bat signal that works during the daylight hours . Ah I gotcha  I wonder what it looks like  Would you like to live in Gotham City .That would be so cool to live in Gotham city . For sure  so much stuff going on though  How worthless would it be to a police officer there  always needing Batman lol .That s only because the police are not as brave as batman . For sure  all that crime would get so old lol  Batman is pretty cool  I never knew he was made in      . Yep  along with all of the other comic heroes. True  who is your favorite super hero ever .It would have to be the Joker .He s a super hero  Why do you like him so much  Very interesting . Well  if you l  the villains then they are your super hero . For sure  I ve never thought of that before  One man s villain is another man s super hero right  There s some good villains I d say .Exactly  Its  so who is the hero and who is the Villain  Just like the new batman vs Robin. I never saw it  was it a good movie  Like was Bane that bad  Batman can be seen as bad too to some people . I haven t seen it either  i am sure it will be ok . True  Marvel had the generic comic book too  just to trademark those names  Did you like DC or Marvel more .I prefer Marvel because Stan Lee was a master . RIP Stan Lee  he was so cool  So many cool cameos in all of his movies too  I d like to see the   th century comics from Japan  I m actually going there tomorrow .Oh that would be so cool to see them  I lived in Sasebo Japan for   years . Oh very cool  I m going to Tokyo and Kyoto  should be fun  Did you like Sasebo  What did you do there .That s cool  I worked there when i was in the Navy my ship was stationed there. Oh very cool  when did you get out  I was in the Marine Corps  never went to Japan though . Well  maybe when you get there you can go to a comic con those are so cool. I bet  that d be fun  I m going to take off though  take care and great chat 
conversation_968  Hi  how are you tonight  Do you like the piano .Hi  I do actually  I even loved the steam pianos that once existed and were audible for miles  How about you .I had not heard about the steam pianos  That sounds interesting  I do like pianos .Did you ever hear the story of the mute man they found in      wandering around the streets of England who could only communicate by a piano  It was sad but also fascinating . That is an odd story  I wonder how he  communicated   It sounds like Sideshow Bob on the Simpsons .So true  Did you also know that Richard Nixon once wrote a piano concert and actually performed it live on The Tonight Show . The guy was bright and talented  I didn t like his politics  but he was capable  I guess he had a musical side as well . I agree and suppose he did  On a related note  I think it s also fascinating both Haydn and Mozart owned a piano made from the exact same tree  Would I love to get my hands on either of those pianos .That s amazing  I guess the tree had some magic in its boughs . I m sure it did  I d also like to get my hands on one of the first typewriters that was made as it was at first called a literary piano  oddly enough  . Hm  I guess we re writing a duet right now  then  huh . Ha  No kidding  Since we re on the subject of music  do you like concerts as well  Lou Reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs back in      and to me  that was very kind of them .I wonder if they dogs appreciated it  LOL  I think it s an interesting idea  I haven t been to a concert recently  No time or money .I understand completely  I was always a fan of Abba and was surprised to learn Abba actually turned down    billion to do a reunion tour for     concerts  That is truly unbelievable . They have to put it behind them  They don t want that life on the road  The money is good  but I think they re tired . Agreed and you are right about that  Did you ever hear the story of the girl who was on her way to a Dave Matthews concert and saw a cyclist stranded  She stopped to help him and surprisingly enough  the cyclist was actually Dave Matthews  Talk about weird  Wonder if he gave her free admission  Ha .That sounds like something Dave would do  That is an odd coincidence  Almost fate .Exactly  So are you also a movie fan  I couldn t believe John Carter broke box office records over in Russia after it bombed for Disney .I guess the Russians were looking for something in the film that US audiences didn t like or see  I haven t seen the film . Maybe so  Since we re on the box office subject  did you know Mortal Kombat II was the first ever game that actually surpassed box office sales at Hollywood  . Yes  the game was intensely popular  It was so good  as good as the arcade version  IIRC  . Indeed it was  Can you also believe the Lord of the Rings trilogy was a massive box office success but despite that  it still managed to make huge losses  That is just sad  honestly  Well it was great chatting with you  Take care  friend 
conversation_969  hi  do you like batman .Yea I enjoy Batman a lot although I haven t read much of the DC comics he s in.did you know there is a batman villain called condiment king . No I never knew that  I wonder if he was a reason why Michael Keaton declined            to be in Batman Forever.Well it could have been  do you know how condiment king was defeated . No clue  how .by slipping on his own ketchup. Lol  I wonder if he was created in one of the    dc comics Stan Lee wrote for DC. hahah I do not believe so  but maybe  do you know adam west .Yea he use to be Batman in the tv show back in the   s along with Burt Ward as Robin and Ceasar Romero as his arch enemy The Joker.yeah and he has a batman logo on his molar. Lol  I never knew that  I also never knew the Batman animated show was drawn on black paper instead of white. oh cool  i guess he is the dark knight after all so it makes sense.Do you like any other comics like X men  Apparently Marvel had to convince the US government X men aren t human.yeah they did so that they pay lower prices on mutant toys.I never knew that but makes sense  What doesn t make sense is Michael Jackson trying to buy Marvel Comics just so he could play Spider man.yeah that is a little over the moon . Yea  it s also crazy the rights to Superman only cost DC comics     .yeah  do you know how Stan Lee ended all his calls .With a catch phrase I think but not      sure.yeah it is  excelsior   nice chat
conversation_970 Do you like Batman .Yeah  Batman is awesome .He first appeared in       That is a long time . It sure is  I know I liked batman  and both my sons like him  He is pretty popular .It s interesting that he doesn t have any superpowers .I know thats the best part  Anybody who wanted to could become batman  Just got to have the will power and drive to go through with it . Yeah  you re right  That s what makes the character so appealing  Have you heard of the Batman villain condiment king .Yeah he was defeated by slipping on his own ketchup . Yeah  that sounds quite messy  haha  And speaking of villains  have you noticed when Batman and Joker are face to face that they don t refer to each other by name .I didn t noticed that at all  Did you know gotham is supposed to be in NJ .I was not aware of that  That s really interesting  And the Marvel Cinematic Universe takes place in earth        not earth     like the comic book  I am not sure exactly what the difference is .Me either  Do you know who adam west is . I m not sure exactly  who is he .He used to play batman back in the   s I think . Yeah  I heard he has a Batman logo on one of his molars .That is true .So I guess people thought that Batman was going to get married with Catwoman .I always thought they were enemies  Catwoman is not a good guy  Lol . Fans were disappointed because after they had been engaged for months  it didn t happen .I didnt catch that version of batman  I know there are a lot of different variations out there .Yeah it was one of the comic books 
conversation_971  Hi  how are you . I m doing well  yourself .I m great  Are you a fan of music .I love music  In fact one of my favorite instruments is the piano .The universal instrument  Where is the place that you would least expect to find a piano . I can think of quite a few places  but one that certainly surprised me was when a group of climbers found a piano at the top of Britain s highest mountain .I wonder if that piano ever gets tuned  Probably not a good sounding piano at this point .Ha ha  Did you know that there is a song solely composed to stress test auto pianos   it is not remotely playable by humans .I guess it was composed for machines   I like that Freddie Mercury used the same piano as Paul McCartney . Yes  amazingly they both recorded one of their biggest hits on that piano  Bohemian Rhapsody  by Freddie    Hey Jude  by Paul .There might be some magic in that piano  What about the aluminum grand piano  built for the lounge of the airship hindenburg  How would that sound . I to wonder how it would sound  such a lightweight piano weighing in at only     pounds .Aluminum must sound tinny  Do you listen to Linkin Park .Yes  Linkin Park was one of my favorite rock bands when I was younger  I loved their collaborative album with Jay Z .I m amazed that they played     concerts in      alone . If you think that s amazing wait until you hear this  the Ramones played a total of       concerts touring non stop for over    years .Those guys must have been running on nuclear power or something  When did they sleep . Ha ha  Unfortunately  not every band has had great success with their concerts  In      a Creed concert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band . They probably deserved it  Either they got it right like Linkin Park  or they got it wrong  Well  I enjoyed the chat . As did I  here is one last tidbit of information for you  In       Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at the Ancient Roman Amphitheater in Pompeii with no audience .That s Floyd for ya  Thanks again .Bye now 
conversation_972 Pluto has dunes did you know that .Yes  And gravity      as strong as Earth s .There s a famous heart shaped basin on Pluto as well and it has surface ripples which means there s wind on Pluto . Yes  and the dunes may be made of methane grains  It s a completely different environment  with temperatures as low as      F . But still somewhat Earth like   Jagged mountains  dunes  a lake basin  wind        Just so darn far from the sun . Yes  And the wind can get up to    mph  which isn t much compared to wind on Earth .It s because of the weak gravity   Now on Mars they would have stronger winds .Yes  And a blue sunset . Oh  I didn t know that   There s a Mars colonization project that will be funded by creating a reality TV show .Yes  I heard about that  So I guess the TV show will be about the colonization .I would think so   They will experience higher pitch sound than on Earth so they may have broadcast issues .Yes  It seems like a lot could potentially go wrong there .Well they lost a satellite there because of the difference in the metric and the imperial system . Yes  I heard about that  Did you know there s a dwarf planet that orbits between Mars and Jupiter . No  I didn t know that I know that Neptune only completed it s   th full orbit since discovery in      .Really  That s amazing .It is amazing   Do you realize Pluto is   BILLION miles from the sun .Wow  It s hard to conceptualize that kind of distance .Indeed   Did you know lightening bolts are hotter than the surface of the sun . Yes  I have heard that  And the direction of Earth s magnetic field reverses every                   years  I wonder when the next reversal will take place .Nobody knows   Nice chatting with you 
conversation_973  Hey there  I like reading about astronomy  science and the planets  How about you .Not so much astronomy but I love science in general   Did you know that Pluto is about   billion miles from the sun .That s amazing  It s also cool that Pluto also has sand dunes that are windswept  Who knew .The temperatures there are freezing  minus     F.I am glad the satellites are able to report such good information back to us when they orbit the planets. Like Earth  Pluto has jagged mountains  plains  and changing seasons .that blows my mind that other planets in our solar system are so similar to Earth.It is really neat   Ryan Ewing a geologist says that the way they re recognizing dunes is the same way we do identify them on Mars.Wow  I would like to see a picture of the heart shaped basin on Pluto  I will look that up online later .Exciting stuff   Walking on duns would be like walking on sand on Earth.The climate of Pluto may be as fast as    mph  Definitely can blow some sand around for sure .Pluto s dunes rise up to     feet high as high as Death Valley National Park. I meant to say the WIND climate      ft high dunes sound frightening  If I am being honest .People think that Earth formed     billion years ago.It was probably longer than that  Who can say for sure .I don t think anyone here today can be sure   But more than     of the earth s natural forests have been destroyed already.Yes  Deforestation is a tragedy  Corporate greed is ruining this beautiful planet .It s sad   Did you know that the Earth will be pretty much helium free too by the end of the   st century .Talk about adding insult to injury  Poor Earth       .Yes   With one lightning bolt hotter than the sun s surface that is some power .The Earth is getting pretty much chewed up  I can stand it .Did you know that there is a mars colonization project planned for      which will be funded by creating a reality tv show .And the SUN is only   billionth the size of the biggest star in the galaxy .That always baffles me   Lichens and cyanobacteria can thrive on Mars but sounds on Mars may have a higher pitch than on earth because of differences in atmosphere 
conversation_974 Hello  How are you today . Great   and you  Are you into the Solar System  I am watching Nasa live   got    minutes for the rocket to go up   So exciting  getting dark .I am  What are you watching it at  Do you know where they are launching from . I pretty sure its here in Florida on Nasa live on today s date   They have just cool  relaxing music going while its getting ready   Oh  on my phone  .Oh nice  My organization is the one who maintains the launch pad if it s going out of Cape Canaveral  I wonder where it s going . Oh  interesting   I get so excited when they go up  I think its for supplies again  Usually I can run out the door and see it  lol Haven t heard anyone talking yet to find out the details  .I wonder if that mars colonization project in      will happen  Do you know how they will fund it . lol  yes  I heard it was by a reality TV show  Go figure   That s going to be something else  .I can t wait to watch it  Countdown starts now lol .Me too     minutes   Did you know you can fly to mars under   or   days if you fly under constant  g accelaration  I think that Mars ride at Epcot lets you know how it would feel .I remember taking that ride and was sick from it when it shook you all over the place lol  I think I ll let someone else go to mars haha . lol  you must of got on the rougher side   The pressure on your chest in unreal  .For sure  Can you believe the sun is only one billionth the size of the biggest star found in our galaxy . That is beyond what I can visualize   How do you feel when you hear  If the earth entire history was viewed as a    hour period  Humans would only represent   minute and    seconds  Omg.I think I can hold my breathe just as long in that comparison  That is nuts . Ha  ha  ha  Good one   I think I can too  Do you believe the earth will be helium free by the    century . That is sad  what about balloons and clowns   . Yeah  not sure about that one   It is sad that     of the earth s natural forest have been destroy  Takes time to replant and grow .Now that is even more sad  We definitely need to do something about that  Had a great time chatting with you .Enjoy your evening and the launch  .You as well 
conversation_975 I am fascinated by space  How about yourself .I am   I am listening to a podcast on it now   Its called The end of the world as you know it .That sounds interesting  Did you know that when the Earth was first formed a day only lasted     hours .I heard that   The earth is also  x as dense as the sun . Oh wow  I did not know that  To put things into perspective  if we viewed all of Earth s history as one day people would only represent   minute and    seconds of it . That is pretty incredible  I guess that is talking about modern day humans   There used to be three types of humans and we are the only to evolve and survive .I knew we were not the only ones and that we have a long extinct relative but I did not know there were three  Did you know thta we are running out of helium . I do  but why I dont know  nor what the implications to our lives that will cause   If it just means no floating balloons  I can deal with that .Me too  We will be virtually free of that gas all together by the end of this century .It is really scary the amount of damage we have done to the planet in our short time here .I agree  We need to do what we can about that  Did you also know that the UN has an oficial ambassador to ET s just in case contact is made . Really   That sounds like something you tell someone when you want to impress them    Hi  I am the ambassador for aliens  . Ha ha  yes it does  It s pretty surprising that that was a priority  Did you also know that the sun is actually white . Yeah we see it as yellow due to our atmosphere  and Mars sees the sunset as blue . Yes  perception is very interesting  Shockingly a lightning bolt is actually hotter than the sun as well  . That is hard to believe  but there is a lot of energy in a lightening bolt .Yes there is  Did you know that there are much larger stars in our galaxy than the sun .Yeah   did you hear about the Mars rover .I am aware of it but what happened with it . It died   Its last words were my battery is low  it is getting dark .I know it s just a robot but that makes me super sad  It was nice chatting with you  Have a lovely day 
conversation_976  hey there  do you follow celebrities . Not very much  do you . no not really but they are everywhere  especially the kardashians.Yes like at least Justin Beiber can sing . i know  i do not even understand why she is so popular  it is not like she made anything significant  . She is a reality tv star  entrepreneur and socialite .yeah i guess  she was paris hilton s personal assistant once.Her relationship with Kanye also helped .very true  and she was in the music video of fall out boys. I like Fall out boy  do you . I like them too  good band really  and her father defended oj simpson .It is crazy how they all became famous because her dad defended a criminal . i know  that is not fair  onthe other hand she is landing a hand to the armenian genocide  I guess she is half armenian after all.I did not know that  What nationality are you .i am american I guess you can find all sorts of info on google nowadays. I am also American and google is used for everything   even has a google translate so I can understand other languages .yeah it is so convenient  it actually requires more computing to do one google search than to send armstrong and    other to the moon.Fascinating  Do you like going to concerts . I do  how about you . Yes  I have been to a Lincoln Park concert  Unfortunate what happened .very much so  was that in      when they held     concerts in a year . No  that was a couple years ago  Wish I saw the Ramones who toured almost non stop for    years .I really wonder how they managed to do that  sounds tiring  nice chatting with you
conversation_977  Hi  how are you .Pretty good   Did you see any super bowl commercials . No  I didn t get a chance  Which ones did you like  Any recommendations . The mass mutual one wasn t too bad  focussed on the good things that have happened in this country .The Budweiser commercial with Stand By Me  Was that any good .Yeah that was pretty good too .Was there some sort of Kardashian commercial or something  Kim seems a bit of a ditz .Oh    don t remember that one    and she s a freak if you ask me .Used to be Paris Hilton s personal assistant and travel with her  I wonder if that was the only real job she ever had .Oh really   I did not know that . Her dad was part of OJ Simpson s defense team  He seems like a genuine person  The kids  not so much .I wonder if she likes linkin park   They played     concerts in      for their debut album . Those kids must not have slept for year  That s a monster number of concerts  Oh  to be young again .Hahaaaa    yeah for sure   Do you like linkin park .I don t know them very well  I know that they had the best selling album of the   st century .Oh really   I did not know that   What else can you tell me about them .I heard that the lead singer died  Suicide maybe  A tragedy .oh yeah    i forgot all about that   So sad . Yes  quite sad  Anyway  I enjoyed chatting with you .Did you see that the Ramones toured for almost    years straight .They are machines  It must be the drugs  They are inhuman  Probably robots .have a good one 
conversation_978 You watch the super bowl this year  I love the commercials .I didn t get to see them  I saw one commercial on TV for Pepsi though  It was fun .Oh nice  It s tough for companies to choose whether to do a humorous one or a serious one .Did you see the MassMutual one  I guess it was pretty bad .I actually don t remember seeing that one  Budweiser had a one minute commercial about the companies recent disaster relief efforts  Smart move for them . Very smart  A lot of people drink during the super bowl  so good way to get the message out there  .Yeah absolutely  I think the Kardashians were in a commercial once  Her dad was famous after defending OJ Simpson .Isn t that wild  I was just going to ask if she was in any commercials this year .I don t believe so  Despite what everyone says she does some good for the world  Like raiing awareness for the genocide going on in Armenia .Really  I had no idea  All I ever hear about is her and Kanye s stiff .Yeah I agree  She also has a book about her creating the selfie  Lol that sounds like more of what she is known for .It really does  I think it s called Selfish too  Did you know she used to be Paris Hiltons personal assistant .No that is very funny  I do know that she was in a Fallout Boys music video back in the day .I might have to look that up  The only one I have ever seen her in is the one with Kanye .Yeah you could probably find it on google for sure  Google is my favorite search tool  They actually mow their lawns at their headquarters with goats .Now thats enviormental  I look google too  Did you know they once went down for   minutes .Yeah man did that cause big problems  It took     of web traffic with it .That was a big time mess  I read that google also changes it maps when there is a border dispute between countries .Interesting  They have a lot of influence around the world  I am very grateful to Larry Page and Sergey Brin for founding the company back in     .Me too  Seems like a good company  You ever listen to Linkin Park .Yeah I have before they are huge  They played     concerts in one year surprisingly 
conversation_979 Do you use Google a lot .It is the top search engine after all.So crazy that a single google search takes more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon .I wonder if that is more because google is so powerful or because technology has advanced so much.I think technology is advanced  For google to calculate traffic by tracking how fast androids are moving on the roads is pretty amazing . In addition  i like how the company goes the extra mile  For instance for disputed borders  they customize google maps according to their respective claims. Yeah thats cool  probably why when they went down for a   minutes in      they took     of web traffic with them .So what do you usually search on google .well I don t search for kim kardashian and her book on selfies  How bout you .Well i look up odd facts about google and sometimes look up musicians and concerts.Cool what kind of concerts interest you . Well as long as its not a creed concert or a heavy metal one  I usually will enjoy them.Yeah apparently in      four concert goers were so dissatisfied with a Creed concert that they sued the band .I heard it was due to the band s horrendous performance.They were no linkin park . It is too bad I never went to the ramones concert  despite them being on tour for over two decades.That is a long time in      linkin park played     concerts from the success of their debut album . I mean ya  the ramones played like  K concerts so about     per year so     is amazing  Cudos to linkin park.That is an impressive career to go non stop for so long . In any case  I want to thank you for the enjoyable chat  I hope you have a nice day . Likewise  have a great day 
conversation_980 I find space to be fascinating  How about you .I do too  Can you believe the sunset on mars is blue .I had no idea  I bet that is beautiful  Did you know that sound on Mars may have a higher pitch than on Earth . I believe it  Mars is so cool  I m glad we are getting more research done up there .I agree  If you were able to fly to Mars under constant  g acceleration it would only take   or   days  Maybe we will be able to accomplish that someday .I m sure we will  I think it is cool that curiosity robot sings happy birthday to itself on mars .Oh wow  That s adorable  Apparently Lichens and Cybanobacteria would be able to live on Mars  Do you think we will find microscopic life on Mars .I hope we do  Do you know why we call it mars .I do not  Why do we call it Mars .It s named after the roman god of war  Interesting huh .Very interesting  I should have guessed that since so many celestial bodies are named after gods  Did you know that a satellite was lost on Mars . I didn t hear about that  what happened .It was because Locheed Martin used the imperial system but Nasa used metric  Whoops .Maybe they should have planned that a little better  I think it s epic that the sun makes up       percent of the mass of our solar system .I did not know that either  That s mind boggling .I agree  There s even a radio station that translate solar activity into sound for you .That would be interesting to listen to  Did you know that the sun is actually white . I didn t know that  I wonder why we see it as yellow .It is because of atmospheric scattering .That is so interesting  Earth and everything is so exciting  Well I had a great chat with you .Nice chatting with you as well  Have a lovely evening 
conversation_981 Are you a fan of Game of Thrones  It s won a ton of awards . No  not really  Isn t it helping Netflix become the    streaming service over HBO . I think GoT is HBO  The next season will be the last one  so I don t know what HBO is going to do to replace it  Probably there will be prequels and such .Maybe that is why they are still on top but Netflix will soon overtake them if thats the case . Netflix has been great  It accounts for so much internet traffic  People want their TV  it seems .Do you have a favorite show on Netflix .I liked House of Cards  Too bad about Kevin Spacey  I think that the show could have kept going if he hadn t done what he did .He was just in court for his initial appearance  I wonder if he will  ever have a show on Netflix again . I doubt it  He d have to start his own network to get a show  I was surprised that Netflix spends more on postage than on bandwidth  There are over     million subscribers  too .Netflix didn t approve of his weird home video he posted online on YouTube either  It seemed odd and sad . I think he needs to go a very different direction in life at this point  No network can save him  I am surprised that Netflix isn t in China  though I guess the gov t wants to have its own Netflix style channel to capture all the profits .Netflix has nearly     million subscribers worldwide  That is a lot in just the short time its been operating.The stock has gone through the roof  I think that other companies will follow suit  Too much opportunity to distribute shows to a hungry public. Together with You Tube  they take up nearly half of the internet traffic each day.I wonder if the Internet will ever just get overwhelmed with all the traffic of people bored at work watching movies .I am curious to know what there plans are for the future considering they took on more than    Billionn in more debt .The company is worth more than    billion in stock valuation  I don t know how much debt they have  It s ironic that Blockbuster turned down the low price of     mill  Oops .HOrrible business decision there  Now look where Blockbuster is nowadays .They are down to two shops in the world  Businesses like to cling to the old model of doing things .I am a huge fan of Netflix and have been a subscriber long before they made it to the top over HBO.I wonder who the next challenger in the Internet market will be 
conversation_982  how s it going  Are you a big Netflix fan  It s been around since       I didn t know it was around that long. Yes  I am  do you like Netflix  I love it  have you seen Game of thrones . I have seen some of it  I been pretty busy but I hear it s a gread adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire. I don t know  what I know is that they have a lot of nudes  lol  do you remember Anthony Bourdain . Somewhat  he was a chef or something  right . Right  he had a program called Parts Unknown. Yea  his show is nominated for six Emmys  I guess they want to give him one since he died. Yep  he commited suicide  so sad  have you been in South Louisiana .No but I d like to go some day and check out Mardi Gras or something.One of his lasts programs were filmed in the south in Mardi Grass. Interesting  John Legend is nominated for an emmy too for  Jesus Christ Superstar . Yes  you are right  did you see it . No but  I hope John Legend get an emmy so he can add to his grammy   oscar  and tony wins.That is good  Do you remember Julia Louis Dreyfus . Yea  I like her in Seinfield sad to hear she has breast cancer. Yes  you are right  sorry to know that  I saw her too in Seinfield . I m not too big into the emmy s but I m surprised to hear Sandra Oh never won one  she s been on tv for a long time. Well  that happens  do you remember the Old Queer Eye for the Straight Guy . Lol yea  is that still on . They have a new version  looks like  I guess Carson and all of them are old now  Nice to meet you . Oh yea  apparently it s on netflix and was nominated  Well it was nice talking with you too
conversation_983 You watch the Emmys at all  Game of Thrones cleans up  Such a good show . I keep up with the Emmys  Game Of Thrones    nominations is really impressive.Nice  Yeah it is  It s the most decorated show in emmy s history . Netflix shows had a lot of nominations too  more than HBO.Yeah I love Netflix  Game of Thrones gets financed by Ireland to boost tourism . That s pretty cool  Ireland is a beautiful country .Very lush  There is a nat geo show called game of lions that follows the lives of lions like game of thrones characters .Nice  I find it funny HBO may reveal the ending of Game of Thrones before the last book comes out.Yeah it is so often the other way around  very unique  Charlie Chaplin s grand daughter plays Talisa Maegyr . That s interesting  Jack Gleeson is influenced by Joaquin Pheonix when playing Joffrey.Oh man I hated that character  Arya must have been influential because it s one of the most popular baby names now lol . Winning an emmy and golden globe was pretty influential for Pert Dinklage  he received top billing after he won.Yeah  He packs a punch  One of my favorite characters  There is a lot to that show having   different story arcs and all .Yea it s pretty complex show  Do you watch netflix much  They have a movie that is nothing but a fireplace.Yes I do  That s funny  Hard to believe it was only in      that they started streaming content  Now look at it go .Yea now Netflix has     million subscribers worldwide.Wow  Everyone loves it and for good reason  Blockbuster could have bee involved if they would hae just bought it when they had the chance .Blockbuster really screwed up when it declines Netflix proposal to run it s online service in     .Oh interesting I didn t hear about that  Yeah they should have  Because now Netflix is worth   billion . Yep  Netflix is everywhere except mainland China  Syria  Crimea  and North Korea.Wow  Taking over  Well have a great day 
conversation_984 Do you have netflix . Yes  I do  I like Netflix  they always have something on that I never saw before   I just recently found out that Netflix started way back in       That was news to me .How long have you had netflix . I ve had Netflix for years now   Lucky thing that after racking up a     late fee on a VHS copy of Apollo     Reed Hastings was inspired to start Netflix .I would be happy to pay    in late fees to create a multi billion dollar company. Me  too   As of October       Netflix has     million total subscribers worldwide  that is outrageously great .I mean they account for     of all bandwidth during peak hours. Yes  Netflix and Youtube together make up half of peak Internet traffic in North America   That is so true .I bet blockbuster sure regrets not buying netflix. They probably do  big time   Blockbuster declined several offers to buy Netflix for     million   Netflix is now work    billion . I mean still    million isn t a small sum  but still totally worth it. Yes  Netflix expanded its business in      with the introduction of streaming media which is about the time  I started watching it .Any genre or particular show you watch on it .I just started watching Northern Rescue   That one is pretty good   Did you know that Netflix spends    times more on postage than on bandwidth   The post office is making some money on them .I personally enjoy comedy genre like kung fu hustle. Yes  Bill Murray loved that too   He thought it was the  supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy  .I agree  Alot of today s cliches were first shown by that film. Did you know that from  pm to   am  Netflix accounts for     of all bandwidth in North America   Wow .I m not surprised considering their dominance. Yes  and Netflix expanded internationally in      with streaming now available in Canada  followed by Latin America and the Caribbean . Indeed  In any case  thanks for chatting 
conversation_985  Hi  how are you  have you had trouble with the servers today  Also  do you like albums . I m doing great  How about you  I do like albums a lot  How about you  do you like albums .I do like albums  i usually listen to jazz albums on youtube .Oh  That is very nice  Do you happen to know when albums were first developed .I dont know  older records were too quick to store enough music  probably when    rpm records came out .Do you happen to know year when these came out .I dont know  i used   s when I was younger    s were there in the     s  not sure .Oh  Thanks anyways  I was wondering where can an album be recorded . I guess you could record one in your home  but people go to studios and work with an engineer . Oh  Thanks  I didn t know  Could you tell me why are studios are built .Studios are built because they are sound proof  you can record there without noise interfering with the recording . Thank you so much  I m curious  what is an album exactly . It is a collection of audio recordings issued as a collection on compact disc  CD   vinyl  audio tape  or another medium  . Oh  Thank you so much  this very helpful  Do you happen to know by any chance what was one of the best selling albums of      .       That was a good years for albums  if i recall correctly  probably some vintage albums continued to sell well .Wow    I didn t know that  Do you happen to know the name of any of those albums . Pink FLoyd had an album called Dark Side of the Moon  which probably continued to do well in      .Wow   That is awesome  Could you tell me when this particular album got released . I think it was in the early   s  I dont remember exactly          something like that  anyway  great chat .I guess it was a very long time ago  Wow    Thanks  Do you know what is the best selling album of the    centrury .Probably something by Linkin Park  I dont remember the name  Have a good weekend .I read recently that it was Hybrid Theory  Thanks for chatting with me today  You have a great weekend as well 
conversation_986 I enjoy a lot of music  How about yourself .I love music  I think there is something about music that just speaks to the soul of a person .I agree  Did you know that Linkin Park had the best selling album of the   st century  That s very surprising to me .Oh wow really  That is surprising to me  I would have thought it was something much more classical .My guess would have been The Beatles .Them or the rolling stones  I guess people really love Linkin Park  I know I enjoy their music .Yes the Stones would also make sense  Did you know that Floyd s Dark Side of the Moon was still one of the best selling albums in      .Wow  You would think that by now everyone who wants a copy would have one .Apparently new generations are discovering it and still like it  Do you remember NWA .Yes the straight out of compton album seemed like it was very popular even though you never really heard it on the radio .It was  It was actually the first album to reach platinum without the support of airplay .That is so cool  I wonder why it didn t get much airplay  It seems like the radios really missed out on a chance there .I remember the language being very graphic  It probably would have just sounded like a series of beeps ha ha .Thats a good point  They could probably get away with playing now though  the radio stations seem like they are bit more relaxed in what they play .They are a lot more relaxed than they were then  Do you also remember Reel Big Fish by any chance .No I don t  Were they popular .Briefly but not as much as the other bands we have talked about  It was during that whole ska phase  They lost the rights to their old record label so they re recorded all of their hits for a best of album  I ve never heard of a band doing that .Huh  I wonder how that didn t infringe on copyright law  I think someone s lawyer dropped the ball there . I was wondering that as well  On a lighter note  two identical twins in Japan recorded a rap album at     years old  That has to be something to hear  .That would be fun to hear  Sometimes we discount older people but if it was released it had to be pretty good .Agreed but rap seems like a very odd choice 
conversation_987  if you want to see barack obama  you can apparently just zoom into the white house picture on google maps.I think that s kinda cool  He also has an official sign in American Sign Language . that is interesting  also I guess obama s codename by the secret service was renegade for some reason. I guess they pick nicknames that are amusing to them  I m concerned that Goldman Sachs donated so much to his      campaign  When the crash hit  he already owed them a lot . haha well that would explain why none of those people were prosectured after the crash  and apparently even if Obama were born in Kenya he would still be eligible to be president. yes  as long as you are born to US citizens  you are a US citizen by birth  and that s good enough to be president  McCain was born in Panama  I don t understand the obsession with his birth certificate . ya I m not sure either  do you like music at all . Yes  I enjoy music  What about you . I do  I don t like LInkin Park but apparently their hybrid theory is the best selling album of the   st century so far.Those guys did an insane number of concerts in the year following the release of that album  I wonder if they did a clean version of their album for Walmart . haha good question  I also like Pink Floyd and their album Dark side of the Moon is still a top selling record    years later.I guess every generation creates new fans  I know that Floyd recorded an album in an empty stadium . that is wild  did you see the two japanese twins that made a rap album  I bet if they did a concert it would also be to an empty stadium haha.Are those the twins that are     years old  I bet they spit mad fire yo  Aerosmith keeps rocking too  They made more money on a video game than on their albums . haha that is them  I think it s impressive that NWA released an album that went platinum without any airplay or a tour.The streets saw the talent and supported them  I don t think NWA could do a clean version for Walmart  Wouldn t be any lyrics left .haha just release a blank cd  Do you do fantasy football  apparently they have fantasy spelling bees haha.I guess people will place a wager on anything  I wonder who majors in Science Fiction and Fantasy Literature in college  Seems like a waste . that does  and yeah people even do fantasy politics and draft congress members  that just seems silly. People love risk and gambling  I m not into politics enough to bet  but I think people that know the candidates can make some dough . oh I bet  speaking of fantasy I think its interesting that a fantasy author was knighted because of how great his writing was
conversation_988 I always enjoy reading about people s idea of a dream day  Sometimes it gives me ideas of things to do . That is an interesting article  so many things to do at the D C area. Yeah  most of it didn t sound fun to me but the menu ideas sounded amazing . I agree  have you been to the D C area before    I would like to go to the Natural History Mesuem  that seems like a great place. No  I never have  Never been east of the Mississippi  Have you been to DC . I have been to D C  I think its a great place  what would you like to do there . Probably just check out all the standard touristy stuff LOL  I d like to see the Library of Congress  but I d wind up living on the streets there just to have continuing access to it  What did you do . That doesnt sound like a fun activity lol  I would like to try one of those sweet caffeinated drinks. Yeah  I m not sure what she was talking about because I never tried Starbucks tea  Sounded like ordering two drinks and mixing them together  Also the seafood sounded amazing    especially the calamari  . Those dishes sound great  I would like to try them out as well  the cuisine in the area must be one of the best in the whole country. Probably  They say DC used to be a backwater compared to New York  but since it expanded so much after WWII it s probably a lot better  . it must be a lot better by now  so do you like fantasy . Not really    I like some of the usual children s fantasy lit that s popular among adult stoners like Lewis Carroll and Kenneth Graham LOL  but mostly sci fi  How about you . I do  I like fantasy movies and also games  a janitor from Chicago wrote a       page fantasy manuscript  .I wonder if it was any good . I bet a few pages were  too bad it got discovered after his death.I should Google to find out more about it  It would be nice if it got published . Maybe it is  who knows movies might be inspired in his masterpiece        pages is a lot  . Yeah  that s not a  novel     it s a whole series . Yeah a whole series I agree  he must had invested a lot of time in it.Must ve been his secret life away from work  Nice chatting with you 
conversation_989 hi how are you  do you go to concerts much .I have been to a few concerts in the past but it has been a very long time .i have not gone recently  i dont have the cash or the time  id like to go  they are fun . i went to an Eminem concert when I was much younger  that was a really crazy concert .i bet he was dope live  he can spit made fire yo  he is the stuff . Yeah his concert was one of the craziest I have ever been to  and yeah his stuff is really good when you hear it live . he wanted to be a comic book artist originally  Some bands are just great live  Due to the success of their debut album  linkin park played     concerts in      alone  I bet they got really good at live shows . Yep that is why he references comic books in a ton of his older songs  Linkin park was an amazing band  but i am not sure we will hear much from them again .that was tragic what happened to the singer  i guess they have a best selling album too  the ramones have showed no signs of slowing down . Do you watch youtube videos  In       youtube consumed as much bandwidth as the entire internet in the year      .i have watched them  youtube is a monster  everyone uses it  it is the new television . Do you think pewdiepie can stay on top  or will Tseries finaly win  Think he can hit     million before they do .i do not follow pdp  he is a strange phenomenon to me  why watch someone playing video games . Their reactions and commentary are the biggest reasons  it is why twitch is so popular  also he doesn t really play games that much anymore  his content has swayed away from that .you sound like a fan  i have not followed him  i think that youtube had spawned stuff that will never make sense to my generation . I watch him on and off  i didn t watch him when he just played games  because there are better channels to watch if you want that  like roosterteeth  but since his content changed his stuff is a lot better .i think that there are things lurking on youtube that will boggle my addled mind  i should stick to old fashioned sitcoms and spielberg movies . Well you can t go wrong with jaws or E T  and some older sitcoms are great  I love golden girls  and the Andy Griffith show . the old shows always please  I like to go back and watch them again  Anyway  great chat . yeah same to you  was a pleasure .Have a good one .same to you
conversation_990 Hey there do you like listening to concerts  I really like Pink Floyd myself  I ve seen them a couple times. I do  I love concerts Pink Floyd is a great artist  he recorded a live concert once without audience.That is really cool  It was in Pompeii at and Amphitheatre  Back in      And there s no audience that s so weird . Yeah why would he make a concert without an audience  I guess he had his reasons  do you know the band  Creed .I have heard of them  Didn t they get sued because their concerts were so bad LOL. They did lol  it was a terrible concert  that happened back in       the band has great songs I don t know what happened there.Yeah I would like to get to the bottom of that story haha  Do you ever listen to Linkin Park . I do  too bad the leading singer committed suicide  I loved the band.Yeah that was too bad  One crazy thing that they did was to do     concerts in       That is so many and insane. I agree that like a concert a day  who has the energy for that .Hahah that ll do it  do you like The Ramones at all  They also play a lot of concerts. I do like the Ramones  they played like      concerts in a period of    years  .Yep you re right  Have you ever been to a Roman Amphitheatre  Apparently in Croatia there s one that still puts on concerts. I haven t  I might travel to Croatia and visit that amphitheatre one day  a lot of history in one place plus good music  .I agree with you  Do you like Steven Spielberg movies . I do like his movies  he is also a clarinet player  he played the clarinet in the Jaws soundtrack. That is funny  That s a great movie btw  apparently he still makes a lot of money from the Star Wars bet he made with George Lucas back in     . I wonder what they betted on lol  they must be really good friends  I love Schindlers List  its one of my favorite Spielberg movies.I agree  I even like his crappy movies like hook LOL  how often do you watch YouTube . I watch YouTube every day so really often  Google made a great purchase there.Oh for sure  I can t believe YouTube is the second largest search engine. It has become big  there s even a service dedicated only to police called Blutube  
conversation_991 hi how are you  do you go to concerts . I occasionally go  although I normally do not have time  What about you . i usually dont have time or money  but i do like to go to concerts  i went a lot when i was younger .Ah  Do you ever watch the concerts on youtube if they are posted there .i dont watch concerts on there  i do listen to songs on youtube  many old songs from long ago are on there .So do I  Youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet  I believe that only google is larger than youtube . google owns youtube  i think  i bet they share search engine technology .Probably  Netflix and youtube make up over half of the internet traffic in North America. do you use netflix  I used to  but I don t now  Youtube is free  plus there are things you can downvote  Justin bieber s  baby  is the most disliked video on youtube. Actually  it has been topped by youtube rewind       That video has at least    million dislikes .i never saw that but i heard about it  was that a retrospective on something .Yep  Police have their own version of youtube called blutube  I wonder who came up with that name . yeah  it does have a strange sound to it  i would wonder if it had adult material or soemthing  i wouldnt think the police .The video gangnam style had so many views that youtube had to upgrade to    bits .i think its funny that that song got so popular  i dont know it at all  it is for a different generation . Well  this generation its all about despacito  That video got over   billion views  thats over     the earth although I  am pretty sure that many individuals have watched it many times.  billion   i wonder who is watching it that much  I like to look at the older stuff because im older  i dont relate to the new music at all .I am not a music fan although I do watch some music from time to time  What is your favorite song . i like songs from the   s and   s  rock and pop  i dont have a favorite  Anyway  great chat  . Yes  thank you for your time  it was awesome chatting with you .My pleasure  Have a great night .You too .Thanks .Thank you too 
conversation_992 Have you seen the original deadpool . Yes  but it was a while back   Some premium dark humor  I hear Deadpool   is good but more of the same   .I heard the same thing  I m deciding whether or not I should see it  Thoughts .I think I will be I m not in a big hurry   I guess Ryan Reynolds is the voice of a mystery villain   . Hilarious  By the way  did you know Deadpool   is the highest grossing r rated film ever  .I think that may be the original one and the stat s for non Cameron or Lucas directed films   . Hmm  interesting  You might be right  Have you seen Starship troopers  .I ve see the  st and  nd one   Bugs and more bugs    Did you know the Deadpool video game cost more to make than the movie did   Wow . No  are you serious  How much did it cost  . I don t know but I bet it s a lot   Have you read  Ender s Game    I guess it s suggested reading in the USMC . No  but I saw the movie  It is an awful turd  at least I thought so  . I haven t seen it   Funny  people were in a moral panic in the   th century because people were reading novels   They would really freak about graphic novels of the   st century . Yeah  that is pretty weird isn t it  Do you like to read comic books  .Not since I was      Some people are really into it  I do like and appreciate Stan Lee . Yeah  I haven t read them in a long time either  but I did just see that movie Glass  . Was it good   I guess  DC  stands for  Detective Comics     I never know that when I was reading them .And here I thought it stood for District of Columbia  LOL. The comics wouldn t be good having been produced by the government  I guess Stan Lee ends conversations by saying  excelsior     Is that a real word . Interesting  I m not sure  I d actually have to look that up  Well  nice chatting with you . Stan Lee has appeared on The Big Bang Theory and he says that there   For comics  MSU is a good place  . Interesting  I wonder if he wrote the generic comic book  Well  have a nice day  . I doubt that   He doesn t seem like he would be interested in that   OK  see ya  .Take it easy 
conversation_993 Have you seen Deadpool    I saw the first one but had too many distractions going on to enjoy it  I liked what I saw because it was sort of funny . I loved Deadpool    Lady luck was my favorite in it  and of course the Juggernaut .I d really like to read the Deadpool Comic books  I haven t done any good reading in awhile  Have you . that would be fun  I have read other superhero ones but never his  they would be so interesting  I love reading though.I think the Black Panther is a good comic book  Did you know that in the original Deadpool comics that he s described as Ryan Reynolds crossed with a Shar Pei  This was before the movie . no way  his name was actually in the comic book  Do you think that is why he was hired .That would be really cool if he read it himself and found out that way   Brianna Hildebrand is in Deadpool    She s a good actress . Who does she play in that movie  Deadpool is the highest grossing r rated film of all time that isn t directed by james cameron or george lucas  I wonder how close deadpool  came.She s that teenager who s got short hair and I think she had a yellow suit  She was also in the Exorcist  I wonder if they ll be making a Deadpool    I hope so . lol I never knew her name  I liked her  I hope they are making it  I would watch that for sure  Do you know who the director was . No  I m not sure  do you know  I know it s by   th Century Fox but that s it  Did you know Ryan Reynold also is the voice of the mystery villain in Deadpool  That s funny . Who was the mystery villain  I can t remember them from that movie  I think it was something Miller as the director.I think it s the guy who gave Deadpool his mutant powers and he s trying to find him at one point  It s kind of complicated   that s why I.that makes sense lol  I will have to rewatch it and listen closely lol  Do you read any other comic books . No  the most reading I do lately is for work or kids books  It s been awhile since I ve gone to a bookstore like Barnes and Noble to get some reading material for myself  What about you . Me too  I have a bunch of comic books  mostly marvel  I heard marvel created a generic comic book with purposes only to trademark super hero and super villain .i guess that s a good idea if it worked out  I learned in school that people questioned morality of reading novels  I wonder what those same people would say about the comic books of today .That is a good point  I really got into the movie starship troopers when it came out and the book was even better .I remember that  I think I even saw it in theater  I guess those people panicking about novels in the   th century would feel pretty silly in today s world . ha for sure  books have changed a lot since then  It is making me want to read my book  it was so good chatting with you .I think I ll make it a goal to do more reading  ttyl .have a good night  Read those books 
conversation_994 Did you watch Deadpool   .I watched part of it   It seemed like the first one  Reynolds felt like he was destined for the role since        He fits   . He sure sold the part  I heard Deadpool described himsilf as Reynold Reynolds before he was picked for the movie  so yeah seems like destiny.He also did the voice of the mystery villain in DeadPool   . Thats funny  another cooll fact is that the videogame was actually more expensive than the movie. Yeah  games are hard to develop   DP   is the highest grossing R rated film of all time   I didn t know it was that popular  . Its really funny so that makes sense  I like the cab driver so funny  and also how Deadpool is not really a hero. Was DP ever a comic book   Marvel once published a  generic comic book  so they could trademark the names  super hero  and  super villain . Yeah it was a comic book his the eternal rival of wolferine  and really  they trademark that  sounds like a smart move. Yeah    DC  of comic book fame stands for  Detective Comics  making their company name redundant   . Which one do you like better  DC comics or Marvel comics .I m not sure   I suppose it s a tie   Michigan State U  has the largest public comic book collection in the world   Take that textbooks . Sounds like an interesting library  sad Stan Lee died  he had an interesting way of ending phone conversations. Stan Lee sometimes appears on The Big Bang Theory   So  are you a reader . I do like to read yea  do you . Yes  if reading off the internet counts   In the   th century people had a  moral panic  because people were reading novels   They would totally freak now  . They would with all the books available out there  Starship Troopers would create panic and revolutions for sure.I can t believe Starship Troopers is recommended for all   military branches  I wonder how it was selected .Maybe the strategies are good Enders game is another recommened book by the millitary.I can kind of see that   It isn t full of giant bugs   Do you speed read   The record is      words per minute .I can kind of see that   It isn t full of giant bugs   Do you speed read   The record is      words per minute 
conversation_995  Good evening  I just got in from seeing Deadpool    based on the Marvel character Deadpool  Have you seen it yet .hi how are you  I have not seen DP    I saw the first one and liked it .Deadpool is the highest grossing R rated film of all time that s not directed by James Cameron or George Lucas  I wonder if Deadpool   will come close to that record .I think the fans of the character will support the series  i know that the humor is irreverent and that it appeals to a non kid audience . Definitely  I didn t realize that in a      comic book series Deadpool described himself as  Ryan Reynolds crossed with a shar pei   I can see why Ryan Reynolds thought he was destined for the role of Deadpool on the big screen .He was perfect for the role  i dont know the original comic but he really does breathe life into the character . He sure does  He shines  though there are so many other stars in the film  like Josh Brolin  Zazie Beetz  and T J  Miller . Yes  the casting was excellent  as far as I can tell  I think that is half the battle for a good film  Drop the right people into the role and the audience will accept the story . Definitely  I feel like it s hard to go wrong with a comic book movie  Deadpool   is the   th installment in the X Men film series  and that s just one comic book franchise releasing films right now . actually  i usually dont like comic book movies  mostly because there is too much CGI  i think story and character  most of the superhero stuff is about battles and explosions  i guess im getting old  LOL.There is a lot of visual excitement  Do you prefer a comic book to a movie  I like reading the panels and imagining some of the action myself.I am not really a comic book person  i prefer movies  I liked Spider man   . Spider man is a good one  Marvel really has some great characters  Did you know they published a  generic comic book  in order to trademark the names  super hero  and  super villain   Pretty sneaky .That is funny  the lawyers were behind that one  i guess they will enforce that  I wonder who they would sue .The words seem ubiquitous  But maybe they have a bunch of lawsuits in a different multiverse  I just found out that the Marvel Cinematic universe actually takes place in a different multiverse than the original comic book universe  Now I see why not everything lines up . Yes  it is easier to explain everything  i dont really follow comic books  but I guess it gets pretty complicated  .What do you like to read  I like to read novels . I read non fiction usually  i do like stories  but usually watch movies for that  novels are good  a better escape than TV  i think. I agree  It s hard to believe that in the   th century there was a  moral panic  because of the spread of reading novels  I should probably go catch up on my reading now  . Yes  please do catch up on your reading  Have a good weekend .Good night .Good night .Bye
conversation_996 hey do you like comic books  I guess Stan Lee who created a lot of comic book characters always uses the word Excelsior .Sure  Did you know that Marvel published a generic comic book in order to trademark the names super hero and super villain. oh wow no I didn t  did you know that DC stands for detective comics  I never knew that.they say that its company name is redudant due to that . ha ha that makes sense  I live in Michigan and actually MSU has the largest public comic book collection.good to know  It is impressive to know that the first modern comic book was released in the US in       They have been for decades . wow that is wild  do you watch movies  The movie deadpool is based on a comic and I guess the videogame of Deadpool somehow cost more than the movie they made. I don t understand how  but indeed cost more  Ryan Reynolds stars as Deadpool in Twentieth Century Fox . ah ya I did  did you see deadpool    I didn t like it as much as the first.It was good  what do you think about reading      words per minute record . I disagree  I  m not sure if it s possible to retain that much information  do you read a lot . Yes  I do  Did you know that on the   th century there was a moral panic due to the spread of reading of novels . haha I didn t know that  have you seen the movie starship troopers  apparently that book is recommended reading for the us military. No  I haven t  but they also say that is the first sci fi novel on the reading list . ya  and the thing is the movie is very anti war and anti military  so that is why it is so crazy they would recommend it .Enders game was also suggested for many military organizations . ya have you seen that movie  It s also not very pro military and I didn t like it even though I like Harrison Ford  what about you . no  it is not my type of movie .do you like lord of the rings  I like how he would read bad poetry with his friend and do laughing contests at reading it haha. Yes  I do  reading requires creativity and critical analysis . yes that s true  I also Like how Deadpool is one of the highest grossing R rated movies ever made  I really like the first one a lot
conversation_997 Have you read any romance novels before .No I have not   Do people really read those . I don t either but I don t get why people label them as bad  stupid  or for losers  would you characterize romance novels as those . No I would not   I always say  to each their own .Is there a specific genre you would enjoy the most .I would have to say Fiction   I can not believe a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic in the     s . That s crazy  why was that even a consideration in the first place  and then they suggested Ender s Game  a science fiction  as reading for military organizations  a little odd .It was suggested by the judge because the comic featured a black character   Awful . Oh wow  That s why  I thought because the judge had an issue with science fiction  I wonder if that were to happen in today s society  what would happen .Have you ever heard of the science fiction author Isaac Asimov . No I haven t  is there any notable books that he wrote or perhaps that was later adapted to a movie . Yes  I  Robot i believe is the name . Oh  I think I ve seen that  That film was an adaptation of a book  Good thing we live in the current century because in the   th century  there was even a  moral panic  because reading was so widespread  I think we have gone backwards a bit and a lot of people don t read books these days haha . Ya I agree   Reading is great  Apparently the longest piece of fiction is   million words long  and it is about a video game called Super Smash Bros . Huh  I wonder if that s still considered reading  Maybe if more people read  they would know how to get out of the predicament like when a judge sued a small dry cleaning business for     million for losing a pair of pants  I do not know any pants worth that amount of money . Speaking of pants   It was illegal for women to wear pants in Paris  France until        Can you believe that . Does that mean women were only allowed to wear skirts or something  That s insane  I would think that Paris is where fashion originates and people would be more liberal in their fashion adventures .Ya apparently   Women also weren t allowed to wear pants in the US Senate floor until        I find that so odd . That s actually fairly recent I think  I wonder what the definition of   saggy pants  is  If I were to take a stab at it  I d say anything that displays your undergarments when walking  how would you define it .I suppose pants below the waistline . I think something MC Hammer wore would be considered baggy  it s also the premise for Aladdin s pants too 
conversation_998 Do you read Romance novels .i dont  i do like to read  do you like romance novels .No I think they are really boring  I like murder mysteries  The Brits write the best ones  Like Agatha Christie  I like to see if I can figure them out before the end . yes  it really is a cognitive challenge  people like to form theories and test them as they read  i usually read non fiction though  .I will read a textbook if the subject is biology or a science  I haven t read too many since college  I also have favorites like The Lord of the Rings . Yeah  that was a great series  i read that when i was young  it was like literature  but the story was not dry  the level of language was great . Tolkein was an English Professor  I think  The English have more colorful words to describe things than Americans . he loved language  including dead ones  he was a prof at Oxford i believe  they do love language more in the UK. Yes  you are right  Reading an American murder mystery is never as interesting as a British one  I do like Nevada Barr  though  She is an American Park Ranger and writes some very interesting mysteries .I have not heard of her  She is a park ranger  that must make for some interesting stories .So far she has written about almost all of the national parks and from a Ranger s point of view .That is a good story  nothing typical or cliched about that  has she won any awards .I am not sure  I think she has  I usually read by author and I should know  I will have to look that up . Do you read SF  The term  robotics  was accidentally coined by science fiction author isaac asimov in      .I enjoy Asimov but that is not typically my genre  Some of the science fiction portrayed on the old Star Trek series is coming true  Look at their communicators for instance . yeah  the imagination leads to the creation of the technology  sci fi is fun that way  imagine it  and then the engineers will come up with it  LOL.Poe came up with the term cyborg in one of his stories  I think he was a really creepy man but I would have loved to have met him  I like his poem  The Bells  the best .He only got a few bucks for the Raven  i wonder how much money he got in general for his writing . Whatever he made I think was spent on alcohol and drugs  What a shame  Then again  maybe he would not have been a good writer if he had been a normal person  Also  I love that poem too . True  it is a curse to be creative  it is hard to get into the creative mood  Anyway  great chat . Yes  thank you and have a great day .Thanks  You too .Bye I hope this submits . Yeah  i hope so too  .still here.Ok bye bye .will try
conversation_999  Hello  have you ever worked in a book store  . Actually  I did for a brief period  We didn t have many romance novels though .Really  That is interesting  I m not into romance novels myself  In fact I don t think I have read any of the ones that they are talking about . Same here  It s mainly women who purchase romance novels  with    percent of copies being purchased by females . I m actually surprised the number is only      I do like the movie Starship Troopers  I think it is a pretty good sci fi flick  .Is Starship Troopers based on a book . Yeah  it is  It is based on a book  but was made into a movie  They have   sequels to it as well  .Did you see that a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic in the     s . I didn t realize that  what was his reasoning  . The comic featured a black character  which was his only reasoning  . Wow that is crazy  seems like a mean judge to me  . Seems so  but the history of science fiction is very interesting  . I tend to agree  I didn t know Aladdin s pants were modeled after MC Hammer  you can t touch that .I think it s crazy that women couldn t wear pants in Paris until      .I was unaware of that  Is this true .Seems so  Probably a pretty unofficial ban in modern times . Yeah  I don t think it is true  I know a lot of french people  . I m sure they probably knew nothing of the  ban  since it seems quite ridiculous  . Yeah  perhaps it is one of those old laws that is still on the books  WE have some weird laws in the U S  .I agree  Any examples . Yeah  in Arizona there is a specific law against feeding garbage to Pigs  
conversation_1000  Good morning  are you a big reader .I am   I love reading .Who are some of your favorite authors .I actually like to read a lot of biographies so it changes from book to book  lol   President Andrew Johnson never attended school in his life and his wife helped him to learn math and how to read .I like to read non fiction and fiction  My favorite genre at the moment is Historical Fiction .Nice   I guess I do like those  I like historical fiction Westerns   An elementary school replaced desks with reading bicycles and test scores skyrocketed   That s what I need here at my house .It would be a good way to get some exercise during work  I wouldn t want to get too sweaty during the day though . lol true   Louis Braille  the inventor of the braille system  perfected it when he was just      That s incredible . That s pretty amazing  I think I perfect sleeping late and playing video games at    .LOL nice   Silent reading is a recent phenomenon   Only the most skilled readers of the middle ages could read silently   Interesting . I m not familiar with silent reading  what is that .That s where you don t speak while you read   lol. Haha  I realized that after I read what I sent a little more closely  I couldn t imagine if everyone was reading out loud all the time .That kind of would have been funny to see  lol  In the      s a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it featured a black character   What a sad sign of the times from back then .I would hope there would be more to the story than that just being the reason but it does reflect poorly on that era .Yes   The world s longest piece of fiction is a   million word Super Smash Brothers brawl fan fiction . Some of those fan fiction writers are really creative  I can t imagine trying to keep up with that .I couldn t that s for sure   The term robotics was accidentally coined by science fiction author Isaac Asimov in      . I know he is famous for the   laws of robotics and a lot of novels  I don t think I have read any of them though .I know I haven t read them   A drabble is a work of fiction that is exactly     words long   That s neat   I ve had fun chatting with you .It was fun chatting with you as well 
